chapitre	chapter
10	10
l'heure	the time
de	of
gaunt	gaunt
pour	for
la	the
suite	suite
des	of
leçons	lessons
potions	potions
magiques	magic
semaine	week
harry	harry
continua	continued
à	to
suivre	follow
les	the
instructions	instructions
du	the
prince-de-sang-mêlé	prince-of-half-blood
partout	everywhere
où	where
elles	they
déviaient	deviated
libatius	libatius
bourrache	borage
avec	with
comme	as
résultat	result
que	that
dès	as soon
leur	their
quatrième	fourth
leçon	lesson
slughorn	slughorn
délirait	délirait
complètement	completely
sur	on
capacités	capacity
et	and
disait	said
qu'il	it
avait	had
rarement	rarely
enseigné	taught
quelqu'un	someone
si	if
doué	gifted
ni	or
ron	ron
hermione	hermione
n'étaient	there were
enchanté	enchanted
bien	well
ait	has
offert	offered
partager	share
son	its
livre	book
eux	them
deux	two
eu	had
plus	more
difficulté	difficulty
déchiffrer	decrypt
l'écriture	writing
ne	do
pouvait	could
pas	not
continuer	continue
demander	ask
lire	read
haute	high
voix	voice
ce	this
qui	that
aurait	would
semblé	seemed
suspect	suspect
quant	as
elle	it
suivait	followed
scrupuleusement	scrupulously
qu'elle	it
appelait	called
"officielles"	"official"
mais	but
devenait	became
en	in
grincheuse	grumpy
car	because
obtenait	got
moins	less
bons	good
résultats	results
qu'avec	with
prince	prince
se	is
demandait	asked
être	be
le	the
malgré	despite
quantité	quantity
travail	work
l'empêchait	the prevented
totalité	all
manuel	manual
fabrication	manufacturing
avancée	advanced
il	it
l'avait	had
suffisamment	enough
feuilleté	laminated
voir	see
n'y	there
quasiment	almost
pages	pages
lesquelles	which
n'avait	had
rien	nothing
ajouté	added
ces	these
notes	notes
concernaient	related
toutes	all
ici	here
là	there
y	there
ressemblaient	looked like
sorts	spells
conçus	designed
lui-même	himself
"ou	"or
elle-même	itself
"	"
énervée	upset
quand	when
surprit	surprised
signaler	report
quelque	some
uns	each
dans	in
salle	room
commune	common
samedi	Saturday
soir	evening
une	a
fille	girl
je	I
pense	think
ressemble	looks like
davantage	more
celle	the
d'une	a
qu'à	as
d'un	a
garçon	boy
s'appelle	is called
répliqua	replied
"combien	"how
fille-prince	girl-prince
connais-tu	do you know
répondre	reply
renfrogna	renfrogna
simplement	simply
poursuivit	continued
essai	test
principes	principles
rematérialisation	rematérialisation
loin	far
essayait	tried
l'envers	the upside
regarda	looked at
sa	its
montre	watch
hâte	looking forward
remit	gave
vieux	old
sac	bag
"il	"it
est	is
huit	eight
heures	hours
cinq	five
pars	pars
vite	fast
vais	'll
arriver	getting
retard	delay
chez	in
dumbledore	dumbledore
"ooooh	"ooooh
souffla	blew
"bonne	"good
chance	chance
nous	we
attendrons	wait
là-haut	up there
voulons	want to
savoir	know
t'enseigne	teaches you
"j'espère	"I hope
sera	will be
dit	said
tous	all
regardèrent	looked
sortir	out
par	by
trou	hole
portrait	portrait
avançait	advanced
couloirs	corridors
déserts	deserts
dehors	outside
fait	fact
cacher	hide
derrière	behind
statue	statue
professeur	professor
trelawney	trelawney
était	was
apparu	appeared
un	a
coin	corner
corridor	corridor
parlant	speaking
doucement	gently
battant	flying
lisant	reading
jeu	game
cartes	cards
sales	sales
"deux	"two
cosses	lugs
conflit	conflict
murmura-t-elle	she whispered
passant	from
près	near
l'endroit	the place
s'était	had
tapi	tapi
"sept	"seven
présage	omen
maladie	disease
dix	ten
violence	violence
valet	jack
jeune	young
homme	man
brun	brown
préoccupé	concerned
déteste	hate
dérangement	disturbance
…"	..."
s'arrêta	stopped
pile	battery
l'autre	the other
côté	side
"Ça	"It
n'est	there is
bon	good
signe	sign
remarqua-t-elle	noticed she
gênée	embarrassed
l'entendit	heard
battre	beat
nouveau	new
vigoureusement	vigorously
pendant	during
continuait	continued
au	the
laissant	leaving
juste	just
odeur	smell
xérès	sherry
attendit	waited
jusqu'à	up to
soit	either
tout	all
sûr	course
partie	part
puis	then
dépêcha	dispatched
couloir	hallway
septième	seventh
étage	floor
gargouille	gargoyle
contre	against
mur	wall
bruits	noise
d'acide"	acid"
prononça	spoke
s'écarta	departed
glissé	slipped
escalier	staircase
mobile	mobile
pierre	stone
spirale	spiral
apparut	appeared
grimpa	climbed
avant	before
d'arriver	to arrive
devant	before
porte	door
heurtoir	knocker
laiton	brass
menait	led
bureau	office
frappa	hit
"entre	"between
l'invita	the invited
"bonsoir	"good evening
professeur"	professor"
pénétrant	penetrating
directeur	director
"ah	"ah
bonsoir	hello
répondit	replied
souriant	smiling
"assieds-toi	"sit down,
j'espère	I hope
tu	you
as	as
première	first
d'école	school
agréable	nice
"oui	"yes
merci	thank you
"vous	"you
devez	must
occupé	busy
par-dessus	above
tête	head
"heu	"uh
commença	started
maladroitement	awkwardly
trop	too
sévèrement	severely
"j'ai	"I
prévu	expected
rogue	rogue
feras	shalt
ta	your
retenue	withholding
prochain	next
"d'accord	"okay
l'esprit	the spirit
d'autre	on the other
préoccupation	concern
punition	punishment
regardait	watched
maintenant	now
autour	around
cherchant	seeking
indication	indication
nature	nature
projetait	projected
faire	do
lui	him
circulaire	circular
tel	such
toujours	always
été	been
fragiles	fragile
instruments	instruments
argent	money
fumant	smoking
vibrant	vibrating
reposaient	based
guéridons	pedestal tables
portraits	portraits
directeurs	directors
directrices	guidelines
précédents	previous
somnolaient	somnolaient
cadre	framework
magnifique	beautiful
phœnix	phoenix
fumsek	fumsek
perchoir	perch
observant	observing
intérêt	interest
évident	obvious
vit	lives
même	even
espace	space
dégagé	loose
pratique	practice
duel	duel
"bien	"well
ferme	farm
te	te
demandé	asked
j'en	I
suis	am
projette	plans
toi	you
j'ai	I
décidé	decided
temps	time
sais	know
a	has
incité	prompted
seigneur	lord
voldemort	voldemort
vouloir	want to
tuer	kill
quinze	fifteen
ans	years
fournir	provide
certaine	some
information	information
eut	had
pause	break
m'aviez	I had
fin	end
dernière	last
année	year
savais	knew
s'étonna	was surprised
note	note
d'accusation	charge
"professeur"	"professor"
a-t-il	there
"et	"and
c'est	it is
exact"	exact"
confirma	confirmed
t'ai	you've
À	To
partir	from
laisserons	let
réalité	reality
présente	this
voyagerons	will travel
ensemble	all
eaux	waters
troubles	disorders
mémoire	memory
régions	regions
sauvages	wild
devons	must
malheureusement	unfortunately
humphrey	humphrey
belcher	belcher
croyait	believed
morceau	song
fromage	cheese
"mais	"but
vous	you
pensez	think
ça	it
ira	ira
"naturellement	"of course
l'ai	I
déjà	already
expliqué	explained
fais	do
erreurs	errors
étant	being
-	-
pardonne-moi	forgive me
peu	little
intelligent	smart
plupart	most
hommes	men
mes	my
tendent	tend
également	also
importante	important
s'enquit	"inquired
allez	go
me	me
dire	say
rapport	report
prophétie	prophecy
cela	this
m'aidera-t-il	will help me there
survivre	survive
effet	effect
très	very
grand	great
interrogé	interviewed
prochains	next
jours	days
certainement	certainly
t'aidera	will help you
leva	rose
fit	fit
tour	tour
tourna	turned
siège	seat
observer	observe
plier	fold
au-dessus	above
coffre	safety deposit box
redressa	straightened
tenait	held
bassin	basin
profond	deep
familier	familiar
incrusté	inlaid
d'inscriptions	registration
étranges	strange
gravées	engraved
posa	posa
pensine	pensine
"tu	"you
sembles	seem to
inquiet	worried
appréhension	apprehension
ses	its
expériences	experiences
précédentes	previous
dispositif	device
étrange	strange
stocke	stores
restitue	restores
pensées	thoughts
souvenirs	memories
fortement	strongly
instructives	informative
avaient	had
inconfortables	uncomfortable
fois	time
regardé	watched
dedans	in
vu	seen
beaucoup	a lot
l'aurait	would have
souhaité	desired
souriait	smiling
d'entrer	to enter
moi	me
particulièrement	particularly
permission	permission
"où	"where
allons-nous	are we going to
"nous	"we
dédales	mazes
bob	bob
ogden	ogden
tirant	pulling
poche	pocket
bouteille	bottle
cristal	crystal
contenant	containing
substance	substance
argenté-blanche	silver-white
tourbillonnante	whirlpool
"qui	"
"c'était	"it was
employé	employee
département	department
l'application	the application
lois	laws
magie	magic
mort	death
l'aie	the iea
retrouvé	found
persuadé	persuaded
confier	entrust
sommes	are
point	point
l'accompagner	accompany
visite	visit
faite	made
cours	during
fonctions	functions
tiens-toi	stand
prêt	loan
harry…	harry...
quelques	a few
difficultés	difficulties
retirer	remove
bouchon	cap
flacon	bottle
main	hand
blessée	injured
semblait	seemed
raide	stiff
douloureuse	painful
je…	I...
"en	"
aucune	no
façon	how
harry…"	harry..."
dirigea	led
baguette	wand
magique	magic
liège	cork
s'extirpa	is swung
"professeur	"professor
…	...
comment	how
êtes-vous	are you
blessé	injured
demanda	asked
encore	yet
regardant	looking at
doigts	fingers
noircis	blackened
mélange	mix
révulsion	revulsion
pitié	pity
"ce	"this
moment	time
cette	this
histoire	history
avons	have
rendez-vous	appointment
versa	versa
contenu	content
argenté	silver
tourbillonna	tourbillonna
chatoya	chatoya
sans	without
éclaboussures	splash
fumées	smoke
"après	"after
geste	gesture
vers	to
cuvette	bowl
pencha	bent
prit	took
profonde	deep
respiration	breathing
plongea	dove
visage	face
argentée	silver
sentit	felt
pieds	feet
soulever	lift
plancher	floor
tombait	fell
l'obscurité	the dark
tourbillonnement	twist
soudainement	suddenly
cligna	blink
yeux	eyes
lumière	light
soleil	sun
vue	view
ajustée	adjusted
débarqua	landed
ils	they
tenaient	held
route	road
lieu	place
entouré	surrounded
haies	hedges
hautes	high
denses	dense
sous	under
ciel	sky
d'été	summer
aussi	also
lumineux	bright
bleu	blue
myosotis	forget-me-not
marais	marsh
environ	about
petit	small
dodu	plump
portant	bearing
lunettes	glasses
excessivement	excessively
épaisses	thick
donnaient	gave
l'air	the air
taupe	taupe
lisait	read
poteau	post
indicateur	indicator
bois	wood
sortait	out
mûres	mature
gauche	left
devina	devina
c'était	it was
seule	only
personne	person
portait	wore
l'assortiment	the assortment
vêtements	clothing
souvent	often
choisi	chosen
magiciens	magicians
inexpérimentés	inexperienced
essayant	trying
ressembler	look like
moldus	muggle
cas	case
présent	this
robe	dress
longue	long
associée	associated
guêtres	gaiters
maillot	jersey
bain	bath
rayé	striped
cependant	however
d'en	to
enregistrer	save
cet	this
accoutrement	outfit
bizarre	weird
parti	party
descendait	down
suivirent	followed
flèche	arrow
dirigeant	officer
d'où	where
venaient	came
lu	read
hangleton	hangleton
5	5
milles	miles
autre	other
direction	management
indiquait	indicated
1	1
mille	thousand
marchèrent	marched
court	short
instant	now
fraîches	fresh
larges	large
ondulant	undulating
manteau	coat
filait	spinning
alors	then
vira	vira
s'inclinant	bowing
pente	slope
rapide	fast
bas	the bottom
colline	hill
sorte	so
qu'ils	they
virent	saw
toute	any
attente	waiting
large	wide
vallée	valley
s'étalant	spreading
village	village
assurément	certainly
niché	nestled
entre	between
collines	hills
église	church
cimetière	cemetery
clairement	clearly
visibles	visible
apparaissait	appeared
beau	beautiful
manoir	manor
étendue	scope
pelouse	lawn
vert-velouté	green-velvet
lancé	launched
trot	trot
prudent	careful
haut	top
plutôt	rather
allongea	lay
s'empressa	hastened
pensait	thought
devait	should
destination	destination
finale	final
nuit	night
rencontré	met
pourquoi	why
devaient	had to
s'approcher	approach
d'aussi	as
découvrit	discovered
bientôt	soon
trompé	wrong
pensant	thinking
allaient	would
tournait	turned
droite	right
passèrent	passed
bord	edge
d'ogden	of ogden
disparaître	disappear
haie	hedge
mauvais	bad
chemin	path
creusé	dug
élevées	high
celles	those
laissé	left
tortueux	crooked
rocheux	rocky
difficile	difficult
descendant	descendant
semblaient	seemed to
diriger	direct
série	series
d'arbres	trees
sombres	dark
aboutissait	lead
taillis	coppice
firent	did
halte	stop
arrêté	stopped
sorti	out
nuages	clouds
arbres	trees
créaient	created
obscurité	darkness
ombre	shadow
fraîche	fresh
fallut	took
secondes	seconds
aux	the
discerner	discern
bâtiment	building
moitié-	half-
caché	hidden
parmi	among
l'embrouillement	the tangle
troncs	trunks
endroit	place
mettre	put
maison	home
laquelle	which
manière	way
inhabituelle	unusual
on	it
laisser	let
grandir	grow
bloquant	blocking
habitée	inhabited
murs	walls
étaient	were
couverts	covered
mousse	foam
tuiles	tiles
tombées	fallen
toit	roof
combles	attic
apparents	apparent
endroits	places
orties	nettles
s'étaient	had
développées	developed
atteignant	up to
fenêtres	windows
minuscules	tiny
couvertes	covered
crasse	grime
décidait	decided
probablement	probably
vivre	live
s'ouvrit	opened
cliquetis	rattling
mince	thin
filet	net
vapeur	steam
ou	or
fumée	smoke
s'en	in
échappa	escaped
faisait	was
cuisine	kitchen
avança	advanced
tranquillement	quietly
sembla-t-il	he seemed to
prudence	caution
ombres	shadows
foncées	dark
glissaient	slide
fixement	staring
cloué	nailed
serpent	snake
bruissement	rustle
craquement	crunch
guenilles	rags
laissa	let
tomber	fall
l'arbre	the tree
proche	close
débarquant	landing
sauta	jumped
arrière	rear
s'accrocha	clung to
trébucha	stumbled
n'êtes	there are
bienvenu	welcome
l'homme	the man
cheveux	hair
épais	thick
tellement	so
emmêlés	tangled
saletés	dirt
pouvaient	could
n'importe	any
quelle	what
couleur	color
plusieurs	several
dents	teeth
manquaient	missing
petits	small
foncés	dark
regardaient	watched
directions	directions
opposées	opposite
pu	could
sembler	seem
comique	comic
n'était	there was
glaçant	chilling
blâmer	blame
recula	backed
parler	talk
"euh…	"uh...
bonjour	hello
viens	just
ministère	department
magie…"	magic..."
désolé…	sorry...
comprends	understand
nerveusement	nervously
trouvait	was
extrêmement	extremely
faible	low
l'étranger	the foreign
avoir	have
sentiment	feeling
saisit	captures
couteau	knife
sanglant	bloody
chuchota	whispered
calmement	calmly
"Évidemment"	"Of course"
légèrement	slightly
étonné	surprised
"pourquoi	"why
ogden…	ogden...
posèrent	laid
comprit	understood
soudain	suddenly
parle	speaks
fourchelangue	fourchelangue
"très	"very
approuva	approved
s'avançait	advanced
"maintenant	"now
écoutez…"	listen..."
tard	later
reçut	received
coup	blow
retrouva	found
terre	earth
tenant	taking into
nez	nose
qu'un	a
méchant	nasty
liquide	liquid
jaunâtre	yellowish
s'écoulait	flowed
"morfin	"morfin
cria	cried
vieil	old
dépêchait	hurry
petite	small
claquant	slamming
balança	swung
pathétiquement	pathetically
premier	first
curieusement	curiously
proportionné	proportionate
épaules	shoulders
bras	arm
longs	long
bruns	brown
courts	short
broussailleux	bushy
ridé	corrugated
ressemblait	looked like
singe	monkey
gloussait	gloussait
"le	"
"exact	"exact
colère	anger
tamponner	dab
j'imagine	I guess
êtes	are
mr	mr
"c'vrai	"it true
éructa	éructa
chercher	search
"peut-on	"can we
raison	reason
votre	your
présence	presence
l'agressa	the committed aggressions against
propriété	property
privée	private
peut	can
marcher	walk
s'attendre	expect
mon	my
fils	son
défende	defend
"se	"
quoi	what
monsieur	mr.
interrogea	asked
relevant	under
"les	"
gêneurs	gêneurs
intrus	intruder
ordures	garbage
propre	own
suppurait	suppurait
l'écoulement	the flow
immédiatement	immediately
m	m
parla	spoke
morfin	morfin
"rentre	"go
discute	discusses
surprise	surprise
reconnut	recognized
pourrait	could
comprendre	understand
distingua	distinguished
bruit	noise
sifflements	whistling
qu'ogden	that ogden
entendre	hear
sembla	seemed
manifester	show
désaccord	disagreement
père	father
lança	launched
regard	look
menaçant	threatening
changea	changed
d'avis	notice
lourdement	heavily
vilaine	ugly
démarche	approach
claqua	slammed
piteusement	piteusement
"c'est	"it is
venu	come
reprit	took
essuyant	wiping
pus	pus
n'est-	is-
indifférent	indifferent
"Êtes-vous	"Are you
sang	blood
pur	pure
demanda-t-il	he asked
agressif	aggressive
n'a	did
aucun	no
m'amène	brings me
froidement	coldly
gagnant	winner
ainsi	as well
l'estime	the estimated
avis	notice
différent	different
loucha	loucha
murmura	whispered
volontairement	voluntarily
blessante	offensive
j'y	I
vôtre	yours
"je	"I
n'en	do
doute	doubt
lâcher	letting go
remarqua	noticed
"peut-être	"maybe
pourrions	could
poursuivre	continue
discussion	discussion
l'intérieur	inside
"À	"
envoyé	sent
hibou…	owl...
n'utilise	uses
hiboux	owls
n'ouvre	does not open
lettres	letters
"alors	"then
pouvez	can
plaindre	complain
recevoir	receive
visiteurs	visitors
avertissements	warnings
âprement	hard
infraction	offence
sérieuse	serious
sorcellerie	witchcraft
s'est	is
produite	produced
parfait	perfect
beugla	beugla
venez	come
sanglante	bloody
fera	will
formée	formed
trois	three
pièces	parts
portes	doors
partaient	went
pièce	room
principale	main
servait	served
reposait	based
fauteuil	chair
dégoûtant	disgusting
feu	fire
cheminée	fireplace
tordant	twisting
vipère	viper
vivante	living
chantonnant	humming
hissy	hissy
glisser	drag
sois	am
frottement	friction
fenêtre	window
ouverte	open
rendit	made
compte	account
chambre	room
dont	which
grise	grey
loqueteuse	loqueteuse
pierres	stones
cuve	tank
fourneau	furnace
noir	black
sale	dirty
maniait	handled
délicatement	gently
pots	pots
casseroles	pans
étagère	shelf
d'elle	it
clairsemés	sparse
ternes	dull
plat	flat
pâle	pale
grossier	coarse
ceux	those
frère	brother
pensa	thought
jamais	never
mine	mine
mauvaise	bad
"ma	"my
merope	merope
contrecœur	reluctantly
interrogateur	interrogator
"bonjour	"hello
salua	greeted
effrayé	scared
retourna	returned
fond	background
déplacer	move
l'étagère	the shelf
aller	go
droit	right
croire	believe
utilisé	used
sourd	deaf
venait	came
"ramasse-le	"garbage-the
"vas-y	"vas-y
baisse-toi	downside-you
sol	soil
quelconque	any
saleté	dirt
l'usage	the use
tas	heap
fumier	manure
"mr	"mr
s'il	if it
plaît	please
choquée	shocked
déplaçait	moved
pot	pot
rougit	blushes
violemment	violently
lâcha	released
poignée	handle
tira	drew
précairement	precariously
pointa	pointa
formule	formula
précipitée	precipitated
inaudible	inaudible
poussa	pushed
l'objet	the object
planche	board
frapper	hit
opposé	opposite
fendit	split
échapper	escape
gloussement	giggle
répare-le	repairs-the
reste	rest
fila	fila
trébuchant	stumbling
travers	through
lever	sunrise
levé	survey
sienne	siena
fermement	firmly
"reparo	"reparo
répara	repaired
allait	would
crier	shout
penser	think
mieux	better
préféra	preferred
railler	taunt
"quelle	"what
brave	brave
peut-être	maybe
va	will
débarrasser	rid
fardeau	burden
attention	attention
cracmol	cracmol
regarder	watch
remercier	thank
tremblante	trembling
dégoûtante	disgusting
souhaitait	wanted
s'enfoncer	sink
"comme	"as
ma	my
entendu	heard
coupa	cut
donné	given
méritait	deserved
problème	problem
enfreint	violated
loi	law
imitant	imitating
pompeusement	pompously
gloussa	chuckled
illégal	illegal
"j'en	"I
ai	I
peur	fear
intérieure	inner
rouleau	roll
parchemin	parchment
déroula	took place
"qu'est-ce	"what is this
condamnation	conviction
pleine	full
convocation	convocation
audition	hearing
"convocation	"convocation
croyez-vous	do you believe
convoquer	call
responsable	responsible
déchets	waste
s'avançant	advancing
l'index	the index
jauni	yellowed
pointé	pointed
ventre	belly
faut	must
déchet	waste
vienne	vienna
courant	current
l'appelle	the calls
parles	talk
bourbe	mire
l'impression	printing
circonspect	wary
restant	remaining
place	place
vrai	true
rugit	roars
crut	believed
obscène	obscene
réalisa	realized
montrait	showed
l'horrible	the horrible
anneau	ring
noire	black
majeur	major
l'agitant	the waving
celui-ci	it
"regarde	"look
regarde	look at
depuis	since
siècles	centuries
notre	our
famille	family
longtemps	for a long time
l'on	we
souvenir	remember
pur-sang	pure-blood
combien	how
offrirait	would
blason	coat of arms
armoiries	coat of arms
peverell	peverell
gravés	engraved
vraiment	really
idée	idea
cillant	cillant
l'anneau	the ring
passa	spent
pouce	inch
certain	some
convoqué	convened
hurlement	howl
rage	rage
précipita	rushed
brève	brief
seconde	second
l'étrangler	the strangle
gorge	throat
traînait	dragged
l'agrippant	the gripping
chaîne	string
d'or	gold
cou	neck
beugla-t-il	beugla-t-he
secouant	shaking
lourd	heavy
médaillon	medallion
or	gold
crachotait	crachotait
haletait	puff
reprendre	resume
haleine	breath
vois	see
hâtivement	hastily
"serpentard	"slytherin
hurla	screamed
"salazar	"salazar
serpentard	slytherin
derniers	last
descendants	descendants
est-ce	is this
veut	wants to
lâché	let go
chancela	reeled
massant	massaging
respirant	breathable
triomphant	triumphant
prouvé	proven
impossible	impossible
contester	challenge
n'allez	not going to
étions	were
chaussure	shoe
générations	generations
sorciers	wizards
craché	spit
blotti	nestled
penchée	leaning
raides	stiff
obstination	obstinacy
"que	"
craint	fears
qu'aucun	no
vos	your
ancêtres	ancestors
miens	mine
puisse	can
l'affaire	the case
occupe	deals
cause	cause
abordé	addressed
jeta	threw
d'œil	eye
exécuté	run
sort	fate
sortilège	hex
causant	causing
éruption	eruption
d'urticaire	hives
ricana	o
"reste	"rest
tranquille	quiet
réprimanda	rebuked
redevint	once again
silencieux	silent
l'a	the
défiant	defying
"j'imagine	"I imagine
avez	have
nettoyer	clean
face	in the face of
chasser	hunt
s'agit	is
attaque	attack
provocation	provocation
défenses	defenses
catalogué	catalogued
amoureux	love
crachant	spitting
mène	leads
nulle	void
part	share
clair	clear
d'après	after
comportement	behavior
ressent	feels
remords	remorse
acte	act
assistera	assist
14	14
septembre	September
accusation	charge
d'usage	use
dommage	damage
douleur	pain
s'interrompit	if interrupted
tintement	ding
sabots	hooves
chevaux	horses
fortes	strong
joyeuses	happy
arrivaient	arrived
apparemment	apparently
rue	street
passait	passed
figé	frozen
écoutait	listened to
perdu	lost
siffla	hissed
féroce	fierce
souleva	raised
rigide	rigid
blanc	white
"mon	"my
dieu	god
horreur	horror
clama	cried
féminine	female
audible	audible
d'eux	of them
"votre	"your
n'avait-il	had he
raser	shave
taudis	slums
tom	tom
d'homme	man
appartient	belongs
entièrement	fully
vagabond	vagabond
appelé	called
enfants	children
fou	crazy
devrais	should
certaines	some
histoires	stories
indiquent	indicate
rit	laughs
s'entendaient	agreed
fort	fort
remua	stir
l'avertit	the warns
"tom	"tom
dois	do
malade	sick
doit	must
cécilia	cecilia
chéri	darling
”	”
faiblement	low
"'chéri	"'darling
'"	'"
sœur	sister
appelée	called
blanche	white
s'évanouir	vanish
brusquement	suddenly
"qu'as-tu	"what have you
"elle	"it
aime	love
air	air
vicieux	vicious
terrifiée	terrified
jardin	garden
passe	pass
dévisage	eye
passée	past
secouait	shaking
saccadée	jerky
priant	praying
impitoyablement	ruthlessly
l'attend	the expected
rentrer	return
chacun	each
oublié	forgot
déconcerté	baffled
irrité	irritated
nouvelle	new
manifestation	event
grattements	scratching
incompréhensibles	incomprehensible
mortelle	fatal
descendante	top-down
salazar	salazar
soupirant	sighing
après	after
rapidement	quickly
collant	sticky
incapable	unable
joli	nice
l'urticaire	the hives
n'est-ce	is this
dégouttes	dégouttes
traître	traitor
ton	your
perdant	loser
contrôle	control
refermant	closing
mains	hands
hurlèrent	screamed
"non	"not
"relaskio	"relaskio
fut	was
jeté	cast
chaise	chair
tomba	fell
dos	back
fureur	fury
brandissant	waving
lançant	launching
sortilèges	spells
hasard	random
s'enfuit	fled
sauver	save
vie	life
indiqua	said
obéit	obeys
cris	cree
perçants	piercing
résonnant	resonant
oreilles	ears
s'élança	darted
déboula	déboula
heurta	hit
cheval	horse
alezan	sorrel
monté	mounted
jolie	pretty
gris	grey
rire	laugh
rebondit	bounces
flanc	flank
alla	alla
volant	steering wheel
couvert	covered
poussière	dust
gigotant	kicking
ruelle	alley
suffira	suffice
coude	elbow
force	force
s'élevèrent	rose
flottant	floating
atterrissent	land
leurs	their
qu'est-il	what is it
arrivé	arrived
allumait	lit
lampes	lamps
supplémentaires	additional
chiquenaude	flick
"merope	"merope
quiconque	anyone
nom	name
"oh	"oh
survécu	survived
s'asseyant	sitting
indiquant	indicating
s'asseoir	sit
revint	returned
renforts	reinforcements
quinzaine	fifteen
minutes	minutes
ont	have
essayé	tried
combattre	fight
maîtrisés	controlled
chassés	hunted
condamnés	sentenced
magenmagot	magenmagot
avertissement	warning
condamné	sentenced
d'enfermement	lock-in
azkaban	azkaban
elvis	elvis
employés	employees
écopa	écopa
six	six
mois	months
"elvis	"elvis
répéta	repeated
étonnement	astonishment
exact	exact
approbation	approval
heureux	happy
grand-père	grand-father
ancienne	old
remarquables	remarkable
caractères	characters
instables	unstable
violents	violent
apparaissaient	appeared
chaque	each
génération	generation
causé	caused
habitudes	habits
marier	married
cousins	cousins
manque	lack
sens	meaning
couplé	coupled
amour	love
immodéré	immoderate
splendeur	splendor
conséquence	result
l'or	gold
disparu	gone
naissance	birth
l'as	the ace
vivait	lived
misère	misery
pauvreté	poverty
tempérament	temperament
fantastique	fantastic
d'arrogance	arrogance
fierté	pride
lourde	heavy
hérédité	heredity
familiale	family
transmis	transmitted
"ainsi	"as well
penchant	leaning
l'avant	the front
laisse	leaves
mère	mother
aperçu	overview
demande	request
attaqué	attacked
rayonnant	radiant
jedusor	jedusor
senior	senior
montait	rose
lequel	which
nourrissait	fed
secret	secret
passion	passion
dévorante	devouring
fini	finished
incrédule	incredulous
d'imaginer	imagine
personnes	people
faites	do
oublies	forget
sorcière	witch
crois	believe
terrorisée	terrified
furent	were
enfermés	locked
libre	free
enfin	finally
mesure	measurement
donner	give
plein	full
rayonnement	radiation
conçut	designed
plan	plan
désespérée	desperate
menée	conducted
dix-huit	eighteen
années	years
peux-tu	can you
réalisé	made
inciter	encourage
oublier	forget
compagne	companion
"la	"
malédiction	curse
l'imperius	the imperius
suggéra	suggested
potion	potion
d'amour	love
personnellement	personally
j'incline	I incline
romantique	romantic
jour	day
chaud	hot
seul	only
l'inciter	encourage
boire	drink
verre	glass
d'eau	water
scène	scene
té	tee
témoin	witness
régalait	treat
scandale	scandal
énorme	huge
peux	can
imaginer	imagine
commérages	gossip
châtelain	chatelain
affiché	posted
choc	shock
villageois	villagers
comparé	compared
celui	the
rentrait	returning
d'azkaban	of azkaban
espérant	hoping
trouver	find
dévouée	dedicated
attendant	waiting
retour	return
repas	meal
table	table
trouva	found
mot	word
d'adieu	farewell
expliquant	explaining
découvrir	discover
mentionné	mentioned
existence	existence
abandon	abandonment
contribué	contributed
prématurée	premature
appris	learned
nourrir	feed
considérablement	significantly
affaibli	weakened
vécu	lived
morte	dead
n'a-t-il	does it
élevé	high
orphelinat	orphanage
nombre	number
d'hypothèses	assumptions
déduire	deduct
produit	product
l'emballement	the runaway
mariage	marriage
retourné	returned
femme	woman
rumeur	rumor
répandue	widespread
voisinage	neighbourhood
parlait	spoke
"tromperie"	"deception"
"piège"	"trap"
voulait	wanted
l'influence	the influence
j'ose	I dare
pouvoir	power
utiliser	use
précisément	precisely
mots	words
d'être	to be
traité	treaty
pensé	thought
menti	lied
feignant	pretending
d'attendre	wait
bébé	baby
épousée	married
an	year
enceinte	pregnant
mal	evil
tourné	shot
breuvage	beverage
a-	a-
t-il	t-he
cesser	stop
fonctionner	function
"encore	"still
suppositions"	assumptions"
profondément	deeply
amoureuse	love
mari	husband
résoudre	solve
l'asservir	enslave
choix	choice
d'arrêter	stop
entiché	infatuated
l'était	the was
convaincue	convinced
resterait	would
a-t-elle	she
l'intérêt	the interest
tort	wrong
plans	plans
revu	reviewed
advenu	fate
l'extérieur	outside
d'encre	ink
rougeoyer	glow
brillamment	brilliantly
qu'avant	as before
minute	minute
mit	mit
partit	left
important	important
connaître	know
passé	past
chose	thing
confus	confused
rassuré	reassured
prépara	prepared
question	question
vint	came
suis-je	am I
autorisé	authorized
répéter	repeat
m'avez	I have
and	and
l'observa	the observed
weasley	weasley
miss	miss
granger	granger
qu'on	we
confiance	trust
autrement	otherwise
serait	would be
bonne	good
monde	world
devine	guess
secrets	secrets
lord	lord
m'assurerai	I will make sure
éloigné	remote
presque	almost
posé	asked
petites	small
tables	tables
pied	foot
central	central
portent	bear
d'autres	other
argentés	silver
exposés	exposed
laid	ugly
grosse	big
fendue	split
portiez	bear
rendu	rendering
agréa	chee
penché	leaning
pourtant	yet
est-il	is it
l'avez-vous	have you
acquis	acquired
récemment	recently
"quelques	"a few
tante	aunt
oncle	uncle
oui	yes
hésita	hesitated
exactement	exactly
entendras	hear
l'histoire	the story
