chapitre	chapter
29	29
la	the
plainte	complaint
du	the
phœnix	phoenix
viens	just
ici	here
harry	harry
"	"
"non	"not
"tu	"you
ne	do
peux	can
pas	not
rester	stay
là	there
maintenant	now
il	it
voulait	wanted
s'éloigner	away
de	of
dumbledore	dumbledore
plus	more
aller	go
nulle	void
part	share
main	hand
d'hagrid	of hagrid
sur	on
son	its
épaule	shoulder
tremblait	shaking
alors	then
d'autres	other
voix	voice
reprirent	resumed
"harry	"harry
une	a
beaucoup	a lot
petite	small
et	and
chaude	hot
se	is
referma	closed
sienne	siena
le	the
tira	drew
vers	to
haut	top
obéit	obeys
à	to
cette	this
pression	pressure
sans	without
vraiment	really
y	there
penser	think
c'est	it is
seulement	only
quand	when
marchait	walked
en	in
aveugle	blind
travers	through
foule	crowd
qu'il	it
réalisa	realized
avait	had
trace	trace
parfum	perfume
fleuri	flower
dans	in
l'air	the air
que	that
c'était	it was
ginny	ginny
qui	that
ramenait	back
château	castle
les	the
incompréhensibles	incomprehensible
l'agressaient	the "mug"
sanglotaient	sanglotaient
criaient	screaming
des	of
pleurs	crying
déchiraient	tore
nuit	night
mais	but
n'y	there
firent	did
attention	attention
soutenant	supporting
chaque	each
jusqu'au	until the
hall	hall
d'entrée	input
visages	faces
flottaient	floating
bords	edges
vision	vision
gens	people
dévisageaient	staring at
chuchotant	whispering
parlant	speaking
rubis	ruby
gryffondor	gryffindor
scintillaient	sparkled
plancher	floor
comme	as
gouttes	drops
sang	blood
pendant	during
qu'ils	they
traçaient	marked
leur	their
chemin	path
l'escalier	the stairs
marbre	marble
"nous	"we
allons	will
l'aile	the wing
l'hôpital	the hospital
dit	said
je	I
suis	am
blessé	injured
"ce	"this
sont	are
ordres	orders
mcgonagall"	mcgonagall"
repris	taken
chacun	each
sera	will be
ron	ron
hermione	hermione
lupin	lupin
chacun…	each of the...
crainte	fear
subsistait	remained
encore	yet
poitrine	chest
oublié	forgot
figures	figures
inertes	inert
laissées	left
"ginny	"ginny
d'autre	on the other
est	is
mort	death
"ne	"do
t'inquiète	don't worry
aucun	no
d'entre	of
nous	we
"mais	"but
marque	brand
ténèbres	darkness
-	-
malefoy	malfoy
a	has
était	was
passé	past
par-dessus	above
un	a
corps	body
…	...
"il	"it
enjamber	span
bill	bill
tout	all
va	will
bien	well
vivant	living
quelque	some
chose	thing
sa	its
cependant	however
savait	knew
ça	it
présageait	presaged
rien	nothing
bon	good
"es-tu	"are you
sûre	safe
"Évidemment	"Of course
est…	is...
peu	little
déboussolé	disoriented
greyback	greyback
l'a	the
attaqué	attacked
madame	mrs.
pomfresh	pomfresh
pareil	such
savons	know
quelles	what
seront	will be
répercussions…	impact...
veux	want to
dire	say
étant	being
loup-garou	loup-garou
non	not
transformé	transformed
ce	this
moment	time
autres	other
sol	soil
"neville	"neville
professeur	professor
flitwick	flitwick
vont	go
tous	all
deux	two
mal	evil
bientôt	soon
remis	given
mangemort	mangemort
reçu	received
sort	fate
malédiction	curse
géant	giant
blond	blond
envoyait	sent
partout	everywhere
pour	for
mettre	put
feu…	fire...
si	if
n'avions	did
pris	taken
ton	your
breuvage	beverage
felix	felix
felicis	felicis
pense	think
aurions	would
été	been
tués	killed
semblé	seemed
s'écarter	depart
ils	they
atteignirent	reached
l'infirmerie	the infirmary
poussant	pushing
ouvrir	open
portes	doors
vit	lives
neville	neville
allongé	lying
apparemment	apparently
endormi	asleep
lit	bed
près	near
porte	door
luna	luna
tonks	tonks
trouvaient	were
autour	around
d'un	a
autre	other
l'autre	the other
extrémité	end
salle	room
au	the
bruit	noise
levèrent	rose
yeux	eyes
courut	ran
ver	worm
l'étreignit	the clasped
s'avança	advanced
également	also
angoissé	anxious
"comment	"how
vas-tu	are you going to
"bien	"well
comment	how
personne	person
répondit	replied
regarda	looked at
l'épaule	the shoulder
visage	face
méconnaissable	unrecognizable
l'oreiller	the pillow
méchamment	wickedly
tailladé	slashed
déchiré	torn
semblait	seemed
grotesque	grotesque
mrs	mrs
tamponnait	dabbed
ses	its
blessures	injuries
avec	with
onguent	ointment
vert	green
sentait	felt
très	very
fort	fort
souvint	sarah
rogue	rogue
réparé	repaired
blessure	injury
facilement	easily
baguette	wand
utilisant	using
sectumsempra	sectumsempra
pouvez-vous	can you
soigner	treat
charme	charm
ou	or
genre	kind
demanda-t-il	he asked
matrone	matron
"aucun	"no
marchera	work
là-dessus	it
"j'ai	"I
essayé	tried
pouvais	could
traitement	treatment
morsures	bites
n'a	did
mordu	bitten
pleine	full
lune	moon
"répliqua	"replica
regardait	watched
fixement	staring
frère	brother
s'il	if it
pouvait	could
d'une	a
façon	how
forcer	force
réparer	repair
juste	just
regardant	looking at
n'était	there was
sûrement	surely
deviendra	will become
pas…un	not a...
vrai	true
incertain	uncertain
expliqua	explained
cela	this
signifie	means
contaminé	contaminated
telles	such
maudites	cursed
elles	they
susceptibles	likely
jamais	never
guérir	heal
entièrement	fully
pourrait	could
avoir	have
certaines	some
ressemblances	similarities
dorénavant	now
"dumbledore	"dumbledore
devrait	should
savoir	know
propos	about
"où	"where
est-il	is it
combattu	fought
ces	these
fous	crazy
lui	him
doit	must
peut	can
laisser	let
cet	this
état…	state...
"ron…	"ron...
mort…"	death..."
annonça	announced
fou	crazy
'il	'it
espérait	hoped
entendre	hear
quelqu'un	someone
contredire	to contradict
faisait	was
s'effondra	collapsed
chaise	chair
cachant	hiding
mains	hands
n'avait	had
vu	seen
perdre	lose
ainsi	as well
contrôle	control
l'impression	printing
indécente	indecent
s'imposer	impose
affaire	case
d'ordre	order
privé	private
tourna	turned
loin	far
attira	drew
l'attention	attention
échangeant	exchanging
silence	silence
regard	look
confirma	confirmed
annoncé	announced
chuchota	whispered
s'est-il	is there
produit	product
"rogue	"rogue
tué	killed
"j'y	"I
étais	was
j'ai	I
sommes	are
arrivés	arrived
derrière	behind
tour	tour
d'astronomie	astronomy
parce	because
où	where
malade	sick
faible	low
réalisé	made
piège	trap
avons	have
entendu	heard
montés	mounted
escaliers	stairs
m'a	me
immobilisé	locked
pourrais	could
faire	do
j'étais	I was
sous	under
cape	cape
d'invisibilité…	invisibility...
franchi	crossed
désarmé…	disarmed...
mit	mit
devant	before
bouche	mouth
gémit	moans
"…	"...
mangemorts	mangemorts
arrivés…	arrived...
puis	then
rogue…	rogue...
fait	fact
d'avada	of avada
kedavra	kedavra
continuer	continue
éclata	broke out
larmes	tears
prêta	lent
excepté	except
"shh	"shh
Écoutez	Listen
déglutissant	déglutissant
pressa	pressed
doigts	fingers
immenses	huge
dehors	outside
l'obscurité	the dark
chantait	sang
manière	way
avant	before
entendue	heard
touchante	touching
terrible	terrible
beauté	beauty
sentit	felt
l'avait	had
déjà	already
auparavant	previously
chant	song
musique	music
vibrer	vibrate
l'intérieur	inside
propre	own
peine	penalty
tournée	tour
par	by
magie	magic
faisant	making
écho	echo
champs	fields
fenêtres	windows
combien	how
temps	time
restèrent	stayed
écoutant	listening to
ni	or
pourquoi	why
soulager	relieve
douleur	pain
d'écouter	to listen
l'écho	the echo
deuil	mourning
eut	had
fut	was
longtemps	for a long time
tard	later
s'ouvrit	opened
mcgonagall	mcgonagall
entra	entered
elle	it
portait	wore
marques	brands
bataille	battle
récente	recent
éraflures	scratches
robe	dress
déchirée	torn
"molly	"molly
arthur	arthur
arrivent	arrive
dit-elle	she said
cessa	ceased
réveilla	woke up
sortant	outgoing
transe	trance
nouveau	new
frottant	rubbing
secouant	shaking
leurs	their
têtes	heads
"potter	"potter
selon	according to
hagrid	hagrid
vous	you
étiez	were
il…	it...
s'est	is
impliqué	involved
certains…	some...
indiqua	said
tanguant	tanguant
alarmante	alarming
s'être	will be
reprise	recovery
s'élança	darted
créant	creating
néant	nil
qu'elle	it
poussa	pushed
répéta	repeated
faiblement	low
tombant	falling
demandés	requested
confiance	trust
toujours	always
croire…	believe...
expérimenté	experienced
occlumencie	occlumencie
inhabituellement	unusually
dure	hard
l'avons	have
su	su
juré	juror
notre	our
côté	side
pensé	thought
devait	should
laissé	left
raison	reason
blindée	armored
murmura	whispered
tamponnant	dabbing
coin	corner
mouchoir	handkerchief
tartan	tartan
brodé	embroidered
"je	"I
l'histoire	the story
naturellement	naturally
ont	have
demandaient…	were asking...
m'avait	I had
signalé	reported
explicitement	explicitly
repentance	repentance
absolument	absolutely
véritable…qu'il	true...that it
mot	word
contre	against
"j'aimerais	"I would like to
convaincre	convince
sais	know
retournèrent	returned
donné	given
voldemort	voldemort
l'information	information
lancé	launched
après	after
mon	my
père	father
ma	my
mère	mother
désolé	sorry
l'avoir	have
soient	are
morts	dead
regardèrent	looked
"et	"and
cru	raw
remarqua	noticed
incrédule	incredulous
james	james
soit	either
détestait	hated
pensait	thought
valait	worth
davantage	more
née	born
moldus…	muggle...
appelée	called
bourbe…	mire...
demanda	asked
semblaient	seemed to
horrifiés	horrified
choc	shock
essayant	trying
digérer	digest
vérité	truth
monstrueuse	monstrous
s'était	had
"c'est	"it is
faute	fault
soudain	suddenly
désorientée	disoriented
tordant	twisting
humide	wet
"ma	"my
envoyé	sent
filius	filius
chercher	search
soir	evening
l'ai	I
réellement	actually
vienne	vienna
aider	help
n'avais	had
alerté	alerted
passait	passed
n'aurait	would
joint	joint
forces	forces
celles	those
étaient	were
ait	has
venaient	came
n'est	there is
votre	your
minerva	minerva
affirma	said
voulions	wanted
d'aide	help
étions	were
heureux	happy
"ainsi	"as well
arrivé	arrived
combat	combat
rangé	tidy
détail	detail
duplicité	duplicity
l'infamie	the infamy
rassemblant	bringing together
fiévreusement	feverishly
toutes	all
raisons	reasons
détester	hate
crier	shout
vengeance	revenge
exactement	exactly
perplexe	puzzled
"tout	"all
embrouillé	tangled
prévenu	warned
partirait	would
l'école	the school
quelques	a few
heures	hours
devions	had to
patrouiller	patrol
couloirs	corridors
cas	case
remus	remus
nymphadora	nymphadora
s'étaient	had
joints	joints
donc	so
patrouillé	patrolled
silencieux	silent
passage	passage
secret	secret
couvert	covered
savions	knew
voler	fly
sortilèges	spells
puissants	powerful
entrée	entry
pu	could
être	be
capables	capable
pénétrer	enter
brièvement	briefly
sujet	about
paire	pair
cabinets	firms
disparition	disappearance
voie	way
magique	magic
formaient	formed
traversé	crossed
commande	command
presque	almost
volonté	will
jeta	threw
coup	blow
d'œil	eye
décomposés	broken down
commis	committed
erreur	error
déclara	said
air	air
morne	morne
tu	you
as	as
vérifié	verified
carte	card
maraudeur	marauder
pouvions	could
voir	see
aussi	also
chambre	room
moi	me
allés	went
exercer	exercise
surveillance	monitoring
sorti	out
environ	about
heure	time
ayons	have
commencé	started
monter	mount
garde	guard
poursuivit	continued
seul	only
tenant	taking into
affreux	awful
membre	member
ratatiné…"	shriveled..."
gloire	glory
"précisa	"said
"donne	"gives
lumière	light
celui	the
t'en	you
souviens	remember
quoi	what
"continua	"continued
vérifier	check
libre	free
sortir	out
vus	seen
jeté	cast
devenu	now
noir	black
suie…	soot...
poudre	powder
instantanée	instant
péruvienne	peruvian
d'obscurité	of darkness
amèrement	bitterly
"de	"
chez	in
fred	fred
george	george
vais	'll
eux	them
personnes	people
laissent	leave
acheter	buy
produits	products
lumos	lumos
incendio	incendio
pénétrerait	would
sortie	output
couloir	hallway
précipiter	rush
Évidemment	Of course
grâce	thanks
guidait	guided
n'avons	have
osé	dared to
utiliser	use
aucune	no
peur	fear
frapper	hit
l'un	one
atteint	reached
éclairé	informed
partis	parties
heureusement	fortunately
"ajouta	"added
rauque	hoarse
couru	ran
immédiatement	immediately
trouvé	found
minutes	minutes
dirigeant	officer
direction	management
évidemment	of course
attendu	expected
fasse	do
guet	watch
semble	seems
épuisé	exhausted
approvisionnement	supply
engagé	committed
dispersés	scattered
chasse	hunting
gibbon	gibbon
éloigné	remote
dirigé	led
tour…	turn...
"pour	"
oui	yes
quitter	leave
aimé	loved
l'idée	the idea
d'attendre	wait
revenu	income
courant	current
rejoindre	join
frappé	hit
venait	came
me	me
rater	miss
"donc	"so
surveillait	watching
tournant	turning
étais-tu	were you
"devant	"before
bureau	office
brillant	brilliant
"avec	"with
éternité	eternity
carte…	card...
minuit	midnight
descendu	down
bas	the bottom
donjon	dungeon
criait	shouted
remarqué	noticed
précipité	precipitated
disait	said
venir	come
ensuite	then
sourd	deaf
élancé	slender
hors	out
et…	and...
"quoi	"what
attendit	waited
trop	too
stupide	stupid
toute	any
aiguë	acute
effondré	collapsed
prendre	take
soin	care
tandis	while
lui…	him...
allait	would
combattre	fight
mangemorts…"	mangemorts..."
couvrait	covered
honte	shame
continua	continued
parler	talk
entre	between
sorte	so
étouffée	choked
entrés	entered
connaissance	knowledge
oh	oh
évident	obvious
étourdi	dizzy
partir	from
"hermione	"hermione
n'aviez	did
obéi	obeyed
l'aviez	had
suivi	follow-up
aurait	would
probablement	probably
toi	you
voyait	saw
tête	head
noire	black
soulevant	lifting
tirant	pulling
dessous	below
manteau	coat
montait	rose
l'endroit	the place
train	train
combattre…"	fight..."
avions	aircraft
ennuis	trouble
"gibbon	"gibbon
course	race
reste	rest
prêt	loan
jusqu'à	up to
sauvagement	wildly
greyback…	greyback...
sombre	dark
malédictions	curses
volaient	flew
fils	son
disparu	gone
glissé	slipped
quelques-uns	a few
uns	each
parmi	among
d'eux	of them
bloqué	blocked
certain	some
soulevé	raised
airs…	air...
passer	pass
énorme	huge
sens	meaning
sorts	spells
mise	update
feu	fire
rebondissaient	were bouncing up and down
murs	walls
rataient	missed
l'était	the was
plus"	more"
courir	run
louper	miss
penché	leaning
perdu	lost
vue	view
directement	directly
barrière	barrier
suivre	follow
rejeté	rejected
arrière	rear
connaître	know
connaissions	know
"après	"after
tous…	all...
défense	defence
mal…	wrong...
supposé	assumed
pressé	hurry
donner	give
aux	the
avaient	had
filé	spun
arrêter	stop
parierai	'll bet
fallait	had to
parvenir	send
traverser	cross
barrière…	barrier...
redescendu	come back down
grand	great
d'envoyer	send
sortilège	hex
tomber	fall
moitié	half
plafond	ceiling
rompu	broken
bloquant	blocking
avant…	before...
ceux	those
debout…	standing...
garçon	boy
émergé	emerged
poussière…	dust...
attaqués…"	attacked..."
laissés	left
précisa	said
creuse	hollow
chassés	hunted
mangemorts…	mangemorts...
retour	return
combat…	fight...
savais	knew
qui…"	that..."
crié	shouted
fini	finished
venu	come
lamentation	lament
fumsek	fumsek
résonnait	sounded
extérieure	outdoor
car	because
réverbérait	réverbérait
invitation	invitation
bienvenue	welcome
pensées	thoughts
dérobant	stealing
l'esprit	the spirit
avaient-ils	had they
retirés	removed
pied	foot
arriverait-il	would happen
reposerait-il	would it be
serra	serra
poings	fists
forts	strong
poches	pockets
sentir	feel
petit	small
morceau	song
froid	cold
faux	false
horcrux	horcrux
articulations	joints
droite	right
sursauter	jump
mr	mr
weasley	weasley
entraient	entered
fleur	flower
beau	beautiful
terrifié	terrified
"molly…	"molly...
arthur…"	arthur..."
relevant	under
dépêchant	sending
saluer	greet
désolé…"	sorry..."
"bill	"bill
passant	from
aperçut	saw
mutilé	mutilated
"oh	"oh
hâtivement	hastily
levés	surveys
écartés	apart
puissent	can
s'approcher	approach
pencha	bent
au-	at-
dessus	top
lèvres	lips
front	front
sanglant	bloody
"vous	"you
dites	tell
perplexité	perplexity
quel	what
moyen	average
qu'arrivera-t-il	what will happen to it
ressource	resource
étrange	strange
unique	single
comportement	behavior
réveillera	wake up
prit	took
l'onguent	the ointment
malodorant	smelly
commença	started
tamponner	dab
"minerva	"minerva
vrai…	true...
vraiment…	really...
inclinait	bow
mouvement	movement
légèrement	slightly
étrécis	étrécis
fixaient	set
expression	expression
figée	frozen
parti	party
d'yeux	eyes
aîné	elder
sangloter	sob
"naturellement	"of course
importe	any
ressemble	looks like
important	important
marier	married
"qu'entendez-vous	"what do you mean
s'exclama	exclaimed
"que	"
voulez-vous	do you want to
'"	'"
releva	rose
semblant	pretend
surprise	surprise
"bon…	"good...
que…"	that..."
pensez	think
souhaiteras	wish
m'épouser	marry me
exigea	demanded
qu'en	in
m'aimera	will love me
je…"	I..."
"parce	"because
fera	will
redressant	straightening
taille	size
rejetant	rejecting
longue	long
crinière	mane
cheveux	hair
argentés	silver
faudrait	should
qu'un	a
empêcher	prevent
m'aimer	love me
j'en	I
sûr	course
peut-	can-
être…	be...
donné…	given...
il…"	it..."
avez	have
voudrais	would like to
l'avez	have
espéré	hoped
narines	nostrils
palpitantes	exciting
"est-ce	"is this
préoccupe	concern
allure	look
assez	enough
belle	beautiful
cicatrices	scars
preuve	proof
mari	husband
courageux	brave
serai	am
ajouta-t-elle	"she added,
fièrement	proudly
saisissant	entering
tomba	fell
observa	watched
essuyer	wipe
curieuses	curious
n'osait	did not dare to
monde	world
attendait	waiting
l'explosion	the explosion
"notre	"our
grand-tantine	great-auntie
muriel	muriel
pause	break
"a	"
tiare…	tiara...
faite	made
lutin…	pixie...
persuader	persuade
te	te
prêter	pay
mariage	marriage
folle	crazy
tes	your
"merci	"thank you
raidement	raidement
produisit	produced
femmes	women
pleurant	crying
s'étreignant	a hug
complètement	completely
déconcerté	baffled
demandant	asking
assommé	knocked out
échangeaient	exchanged
regards	looks
ahuris	pinheads
vois	see
tendue	tense
lançait	launched
"elle	"it
veut	wants to
l'épouser	marry her
même	even
s'inquiète	is concerned
différent	different
remuant	stirring
tendu	tense
complètement…	completely...
m'inquiète	I worry about
t'ai	you've
million	million
fois	time
signification	meaning
patronus	patronus
gris	grey
laquelle	which
devint	became
clair	clear
sirius	sirius
amoureuse	love
répliqua	replied
fixant	fixing
refusant	refusing
regarder	watch
vieux	old
pauvre	poor
dangereux	dangerous
prenais	took
ridicule	ridiculous
lança	launched
tapotant	tapping
dos	back
fermement	firmly
"tonks	"tonks
mérite	merit
jeune	young
entier	integer
sourire	smile
jeunes	young
entiers	whole
hommes	men
restent	remain
nécessairement	necessarily
fit	fit
geste	gesture
trouvant	finding
n'est…	there is...
d'en	to
discuter	discuss
évitant	avoiding
quiconque	anyone
d'amour	love
brusquement	suddenly
s'ouvraient	opened
partie	part
recouverte	covered
barbe	beard
mouillé	wet
gonflé	inflated
secoua	shook
sale	dirty
"gémit-il	"groans-it
déplacé	moved
chourave	chourave
renvoyé	returned
élèves	students
lits	beds
passera	will
moins	less
slughorn	slughorn
ministère	department
informé	informed
levant	rising
groupe	group
devrais	should
viendra	will come
indique	indicates
plaît	please
responsables	responsible
maisons	houses
représenter	represent
serpentard	slytherin
rejoignes	this
tournait	turned
quittait	left
"avant	"before
rencontre	meeting
potter	potter
voulez	want to
moi…	me...
leva	rose
retourna	returned
suivit	followed
vides	empty
lointain	distant
plusieurs	several
rendit	made
compte	account
dirigeaient	ran
fallut	took
secondes	seconds
rendre	make
office	office
directrice	director
directrice…	director...
gargouille	gargoyle
montèrent	went up
spirale	spiral
entèrent	entèrent
circulaire	circular
drapée	draped
peut-être	maybe
puisse	can
trouver	find
l'avaient	had
instruments	instruments
vrombissant	whirring
soufflant	blowing
tables	tables
l'épée	the sword
cadre	framework
verre	glass
choixpeau	sorting hat
étagère	shelf
perchoir	perch
vide	empty
pleurait	crying
portrait	portrait
rejoint	joined
rangs	ranks
directeurs	directors
directrices	guidelines
poudlard	hogwarts
doré	golden
au-dessus	above
lunettes	glasses
demi-lune	half-moon
perchées	perched
nez	nose
tordu	twisted
paisible	peaceful
serein	serene
donnait	gave
courage	courage
ridé	corrugated
faisiez	did
s'excusa	apologized
telle	such
question	question
réponse	response
prête	ready
pièce	room
confier	entrust
teneur	content
leçons	lessons
"Ça	"It
l'est	the is
"très	"very
dise	say
enregistra	recorded
l'utilisation	the use
nom	name
famille	family
"À	"
dois	do
situation	situation
changé	changed
légèrement…"	slightly..."
gesticulant	gesturing
"le	"
cesser	stop
mourait	died
mais…	but...
"cependant	"however
devriez	should
débarque	landed
rosmerta	rosmerta
d'imperius	imperius
aidait	helped
collier	necklace
l'hydromel	mead
empoisonné…	poisoned...
"rosmerta	"rosmerta
coups	shots
professeurs	teachers
pénétrèrent	penetrated
suivis	followed
copieusement	copiously
carcasse	carcass
tremblant	tremblant
éructa	éructa
secoué	shaken
pâle	pale
sueur	sweat
pensais	thought
connaissais	knew
n'importe	any
lequel	which
répondre	reply
pointue	sharp
parla	spoke
depuis	since
mur	wall
magicien	magician
blême	pale
courte	short
frange	fringe
toile	canvas
ministre	minister
transplane	transplane
everard	everard
rapidement	quickly
arrive	happens
n'arrive	arrives
commença-t-elle	began she
"personnellement	"personally
convaincue	convinced
doive	should
rouvrir	reopen
l'année	the year
prochaine	next
directeur	director
nos	our
collègues	colleagues
tache	spot
horrible	horrible
voulu	wanted
restât	then
ouverte	open
"j'estime	"I believe
élève	student
pensez-vous	do you think
aurons	will
moindre	less
transpiration	sweating
soie	silk
"les	"
parents	parents
voudront	want to
garder	keep
enfants	children
maison	home
blâmer	blame
personnellement	personally
danger	danger
ailleurs	elsewhere
pouvez	can
attendre	wait
mères	mothers
pensent	think
familles	families
ensemble	all
parfaitement	perfectly
normal	normal
"j'en	"I
conviens	agree
envisagé	considered
fermer	close
secrets	secrets
réouverte	reopened
l'école…	the school...
meurtre	murder
paraît	seems
dérangeant	disturbing
monstre	monster
entrailles	bowels
devons	must
consulter	consult
gouvernement	government
grinça	shrieked
grande	great
contusion	contusion
effondrement	collapse
procédures	procedures
établies	established
décision	decision
prise	outlet
hâte	looking forward
"hagrid	"hagrid
avez-vous	have you
vos	your
vues	views
doit-il	should it
ouvert	open
pleuré	cried
silencieusement	silently
conversation	conversation
ouvrit	opened
rouges	red
gonflés	inflated
coassa	coassa
décider	decide
tenu	view
avis	notice
bonté	goodness
grosses	large
s'échappant	escaping
s'écoulant	flowing
broussailleuse	scrub
maison…	home...
installé	installed
treize	thirteen
ans	years
gosses	kids
veulent	want to
enseigne	teaches
ferai	will
pas…	not...
je…	I...
dumbledore…"	dumbledore..."
déglutit	swallowed
disparut	disappeared
jetant	throwing
fenêtre	window
vérifiant	checking
s'approchait	approaching
"alors	"then
soyons	let's be
d'accord	agreement
meilleure	best
prendra	will
finale	final
"maintenant	"now
renvoyer	return
étudiants	students
vaut	worth
mieux	better
tôt	early
pourrions	could
demander	ask
exprès	express
demain	tomorrow
besoin…	need...
dites-vous	tell you
l'enterrement	the funeral
intervint	intervened
finalement	finally
perdant	loser
vivacité	vivacity
tremblante	trembling
"je…	"I...
souhait	wish
reposer	rest
poudlard…"	hogwarts..."
produire	produce
insista	insisted
violemment	violently
"si	"if
approprié	appropriate
été…"	been..."
école	school
grogna	" 
"poudlard	"hogwarts
dernière	last
demeure	remains
"absolument	"absolutely
approuva	approved
funérailles	funeral
dire…"	say..."
dernier	last
resta	remained
gorge	throat
termina	finished
phrase	sentence
"au	"
revoir	review
effet	effect
devraient	should
pouvoir	power
hommage	tribute
pouvons	can
charger	load
transporter	carry
aboya	barked
suppose	guess
plutôt	rather
agitée	rough
laissa	let
éclater	burst
sanglot	sob
étranglé	strangled
consentement	consent
délégation	delegation
"puis-je	"and then I
envie	want
d'être	to be
interrogé	interviewed
rufus	rufus
scrimgeour	scrimgeour
dirigea	led
maintint	maintained
précipita	rushed
s'éloigna	walked away
long	long
abandonné	abandoned
d'invisibilité	invisibility
importait	importance
guère	little
rusard	rusard
miss	miss
teigne	ringworm
peeves	peeves
rencontra	met
âme	soul
vive	cheers
menant	leading
commune	common
grosse	big
dame	lady
s'approcha	approached
d'elle	it
dumbledore…	dumbledore...
"oui	"yes
échapper	escape
passe	pass
s'écarta	departed
bagages	luggage
s'élevait	was
trou	hole
dean	dean
seamus	seamus
assis	sitting
signifiait	meant
dortoir	dormitory
traversa	crossed
dortoirs	dormitories
garçons	boys
l'attendait	the expected
reposant	based
habillé	dressed
s'assit	sat
simplement	simply
"ils	"they
parlent	speak
"lupin	"lupin
feraient	would
meubles	furniture
pouvaient	could
écouter	listen
"en	"
as-tu	have you
l'as-tu	did you
ramené	back
un…	a...
eu	had
lieu	place
lac	lake
cauchemar	nightmare
maintenant…	now...
découragé	discouraged
objet	object
truqué	rigged
place	place
"déjà	"already
pris…	taken...
sortit	went out
médaillon	medallion
poche	pocket
l'ouvrit	the opened
passa	spent
attendre…	wait...
d'importance	of importance
fin	end
aventure	adventure
inutile	useless
vie	life
"r	"r
b	b
est-ce	is this
constata	found
vêtu	dressed
blanc	white
ressentait	felt
curiosité	curiosity
r	r
doutait	doubted
redevienne	again
jour	day
curieux	curious
étendu	extended
soudainement	suddenly
l'extérieur	outside
arrêté	stopped
chanter	sing
sut	sut
quitté	left
