chapitre	chapter
v	v
–	-
la	the
forêt	forest
enneigée	snowy
a	has
roulotte	trailer
avait	had
été	been
placée	placed
au	the
rez-de-chaussée	ground floor
dans	in
l’écurie	the stable
où	where
se	is
trouvaient	were
habituellement	usually
les	the
rennes	rennes
une	a
grosse	big
cage	cage
contenait	contained
tous	all
hiboux	owls
que	that
marie	mary
aperçus	previews
nuit	night
précédente	previous
quelques	a few
gnomes	gnomes
s’étaient	had
oc-	oc-
cupés	cupés
de	of
chasser	hunt
afin	in order
qu’ils	they
ne	do
puissent	can
rien	nothing
dévoiler	reveal
leurs	their
projets	projects
à	to
l’arlequin	the harlequin
oiseaux	birds
piaillaient	piaillaient
d’affolement	panic
on	it
distinguait	distinguished
également	also
un	a
traîneau	sled
volant	steering wheel
équipé	equipped
deux	two
aile-	wing-
rons	hope
rouge	red
matelassé	quilted
avec	with
énorme	huge
hotte	hood
qui	that
s’étendait	extended
aussi	also
bien	well
l’arrière	the rear
sur	on
côtés	sides
il	it
comportait	included
quatre	four
roues	wheels
et	and
grands	great
skis	skis
car	because
était	was
très	very
moderne	modern
roule	rolls
glisse	gliding
neige	snow
vole	flies
expliqua	explained
le	the
père	father
léon	leon
flotte	fleet
rajouta	added
origan	oregano
pour	for
plaisanter	joke
non	not
coulerait	sink
contesta	chode
n’écoute	don't listen
pas	not
ori-	the ori-
gan	gan
raconte	tells
n’importe	any
quoi	what
tout	all
même	even
y	there
quelque	some
chose	thing
je	I
n’ai	haven
jamais	never
com-	com-
pris	taken
s’exclama	exclaimed
comment	how
ces	these
paniers	baskets
peuvent-ils	can they
contenir	contain
jouets	toys
du	the
monde	world
distribution	distribution
des	of
cadeaux	gifts
noël	christmas
cela	this
passe	pass
comme	as
magiciens	magicians
tirent	draw
lapins	rabbits
pigeons	pigeons
chapeaux	hats
ce	this
sont	are
hottes	hoods
sans	without
fond	background
À	To
l’intérieur	inside
trouve	find
hangars	hangars
lutins	goblins
font	do
remonter	back
zouets	zouets
prévus	provided
en	in
fonction	function
position	position
l’espace	the space
oh	oh
dit	said
yeux	eyes
ronds	round
curieuse	curious
elle	it
pencha	bent
au-dessus	above
gouffre	abyss
fin	end
serait	would be
rentrée	back to school
l’aurait	would have
ja-	ja-
mais	but
revue	review
prête	ready
ressemblait	looked like
solide	solid
gitan	gypsy
bois	wood
épais	thick
mousse	foam
protégeait	protected
froid	cold
éventuel	possible
dedans	in
pouvait	could
découvrir	discover
tapis	carpet
couchettes	bunks
petits	small
meubles	furniture
cheminée	fireplace
trouvait	was
nombreux	many
bibelots	trinkets
décorations	decorations
rubans	ribbons
rouges	red
pains	bread
d’épices…	spices...
est	is
entièrement	fully
équipée	equipped
gnome	gnome
inconnu	unknown
vous	you
avez	have
loger	you can stay
six	six
personnes	people
trouverez	find
confort	comfort
d’une	a
cuisine	kitchen
vraie	true
salle	room
manger	eat
d’eau	water
l	the
-	-
64	64
baignoire	bath
water-closets	water closets
tableau-viseur	table-viewfinder
distraire…	distracting...
dattes	dates
farcies	stuffed
pâtisseries	pastries
safran	saffron
confise-	confise-
ries	ries
pâte	dough
d’amandes	almonds
toffees	toffees
gâteaux	cakes
bravo	bravo
chanta	sang
enthousiasme	enthusiasm
splendide	splendid
c’est	it is
descendu	down
par	by
l’escalier	the stairs
colimaçon	spiral
clou	nail
girofle	clove
gros	wholesale
baluchon	backpack
dos	back
sa	its
gnomide	gnomide
petit	small
sac	bag
toilette	toilet
Éla	Elah
séverin	séverin
n’avaient	had
presque	almost
vêtements	clothing
propres	own
avaient	had
déposés	filed
leur	their
attention	attention
cocotte	casserole
déboula	déboula
boule	ball
travers	through
escaliers	stairs
demanda	asked
pourquoi	why
n’empruntait	it was
toute	any
réponse	response
lança	launched
caquètements	caquètements
affolés	bewildered
bruyants	noisy
si	if
allait	would
pondre	lay
œuf	egg
crocodile	crocodile
tu	you
es	es
n’est	there is
croyable	believable
qu’as-tu	what did you
encore	yet
mangé	ate
peux	can
l’expliquer	explain
répondit-elle	she replied
tourna	turned
tête	head
gauche	left
droite	right
ze	ze
vois	see
fanfaron	hector
cache-t-il	cache-t-he
entendant	hearing
question	question
hâta	haste
monter	mount
rou-	rou-
lotte	lotte
d’en	to
fermer	close
porte	door
crains	fear
soient	are
fâchés	angry
supposa	assumed
drôle	funny
caractère	character
semble	seems
courageux	brave
fouettard	black peter from the scene
plus	more
fait	fact
depuis	since
l’a	the
puni…	punished...
sera	will be
resté	stayed
l’arbre	the tree
temps	time
partir	from
dix	ten
heures	hours
moins	less
séparaient	separated
château	castle
manquait	missing
nounours	teddy bear
dormait-il	slept-it
soupière	soup tureen
l’ours	the bear
lui	him
petite	small
bols	bowls
miel	honey
cette	this
servi	served
grabat	mat
suis	am
passé	past
aux	the
cuisines	kitchens
hobbit	hobbit
m’a	me
donné	given
tenir	take
jusqu’à	up to
demain	tomorrow
voulait	wanted
polémiquer	arguing
cet	this
excès	excess
gourmandise	greed
regarda	looked at
ramené	back
mettre	put
ta	your
nous	we
sommes	are
point	point
bientôt	soon
t’attend	waiting for you
65	65
chouette	owl
perdons	lose
tôt	early
matin-là	morning
s’était	had
empiffré	empiffré
son	its
petit-	small-
déjeuner	breakfast
d’avoir	to have
envie	want
dormir	sleep
fallait	had to
recoucher	go back to bed
digérer	digest
haut	top
fut	was
répondit	replied
vient	comes
apporter	bring
ration	ration
carottes	carrots
li-	li-
chens	chens
d’herbes	herbs
allons	will
harnacher	harness
déjà	already
commencé	started
habiller	dress
ren-	ren-
nes	nes
l’attelage	the coupling
tirer	shoot
glaciale	icy
souffrir	suffer
harry	harry
sâ	'sâ
dévisagea	looked at his face
large	wide
sourire	smile
présenta	presented
d’emblée	from the outset
toutes	all
ses	its
dents	teeth
d’un	a
museau	muzzle
velu	hairy
d’immenses	huge
aplatis	flattened
corps	body
ridicule	ridiculous
comparaison	comparison
nik	nik
hiloda	hiloda
paraissait	seemed
longiligne	slender
svelte	slender
revanche	contrast
second	second
étaient	were
inexistants	non-existent
l’un	one
ressem-	ressem-
blait	blait
cheval	horse
race	race
l’autre	the other
bourricot	donkey
s’écria	cried
bougea	moved
montrait	showed
nerveux	nervous
renne	reindeer
peur	fear
s’en	in
méfiait	suspicious
raison	reason
plus…	more...
te	te
méprends	méprends
qu’harry	harry
sem-	sem-
ble	wheat
redoutable	formidable
gigantesques	gigantic
tandis	while
appétit	appetite
immense	huge
ours	bear
bruns	brown
craignent	fear
renchérit	adds
timide	shy
ouille	ouch
mange-t-il	does it eat
sais-tu	do you know
qu’il	it
dévoré	devoured
habits	clothes
alors	then
pleine	full
montagne	mountain
proféra	uttered
englouti	engulfed
brama	brama
pensa	thought
devait	should
être	be
grande	great
forme	form
jour-là	day
aurait	would
sauvé	saved
longtemps	for a long time
délaissa	forsook
trois	three
enfants	children
mesure	measurement
tes-	tes-
ter	ter
phares	headlights
dernier	last
réalisa	realized
essais	trials
d’éclairage	lighting
arrosant	watering
lumière	light
coins	corners
obscurs	dark
tronc	trunk
fais	do
tentative	attempt
flash	flash
s’il	if it
plaît	please
problème	problem
éclair	flash
inonda	flooded
personne	person
n’y	there
voyait	saw
o	o
k	k
poil	hair
conclut	concludes
66	66
m’avez	I have
nettoyé	cleaned
quenot-	quenot-
tes	your
voulez-vous	do you want to
sorte	so
conditions	conditions
ont	have
astiquées	polished
l’heure	the time
ob-	ob-
jecta	jecta
aucune	no
façon	how
scruta	watched
dû	due
plutôt	rather
qu’un	a
reste	rest
âne	ass
hormis	apart from
fourrure	fur
bon	good
quelqu’un	someone
va	will
savonner	soap
merci	thank you
me	me
donnerez	give
avant	before
viens	just
nenni	certainely
observa	watched
air	air
étrange	strange
groin	snout
porc	pork
changé	changed
couleur	color
devenir	become
rose	pink
s’était-il	was he
transformé	transformed
cochon	pig
lait	milk
sinistre	disaster
grimace	grin
puis	then
pla-	pla-
serrant	tightening
poings	fists
occupez-vous	do you
nourrir	feed
ensuite	then
la-	the-
verez	see
moi	me
j’ai	I
mieux	better
faire…	do...
semblait	seemed
peu	little
excédé	exceeded
ils	they
allaient	would
prendre	take
retard	delay
n’oublierez	don't forget
d’embarquer	embed
ma	my
brosse	brush
parce	because
lors	when
safari	safari
l’aviez	had
omis	omitted
fois	time
***	***
partirent	departed
donc	so
heure	time
cependant	however
rata	rata
l’occasion	the opportunity
crier	shout
rappelant	recalling
humains	human
vieillissaient	aged
rapidement	quickly
devenaient	became
mâtures	mature
menaça	threatened
livrer	deliver
hor-	hor-
ribles	ribles
bergers	shepherds
saami	saami
laponie	lapland
derniers	last
élevaient	$ 
procurer	buy
fromage	cheese
viande	meat
ragoûts	stews
salmis	white wine sauce
qu’au	that
instant	now
arrivèrent	arrived
seul	only
commentaire	comment
annonça	announced
67	67
devons	must
aller	go
ramasser	pick up
champignons	mushrooms
montèrent	went up
s’isolèrent	if isolèrent
coin	corner
recueillit	collected
fils	son
laine	wool
cuir	leather
commença	started
tricoter	knitting
pull-over	pull-over
mari	husband
ramassa	picked up
vieux	old
livre	book
abîmé	damaged
parcourut	went through
fixait	set
simplement	simply
grimoire	grimoire
mystique	mystic
besoin	need
d’ingré-	of ingredients-
dients	ingredients
ainsi	as well
elfes	elves
syl-	syl-
phides	phides
lièvres	hares
vinrent	came
souhaiter	wish
bonne	good
chance	chance
posa	posa
couronne	crown
sapin	fir
conju-	conju-
rer	rer
mauvais	bad
sort	fate
maintenait	maintained
l’avant	the front
convoi	convoy
souleva	raised
contre-hus	counter-hus
faisait	was
face	in the face of
cria	cried
hue	hue
tira	drew
mit	mit
avancer	advance
échangeait	trading
signes	signs
main	hand
s’occupaient	were
poêle	stove
combustion	combustion
température	temperature
ambiante	ambient
soit	either
agréable	nice
admirait	admired
jolie	pretty
étoiles	star
bougies	candles
collées	pasted
petites	small
fenêtres	windows
tenait	held
silencieuse	silent
auprès	with
poursuivait	continued
donnait	gave
d’hiberner	of hibernate
c’était	it was
peine	penalty
ouvrait	opened
bâillait	bâillait
trente	thirty
secondes	seconds
moment	time
après	after
proposa	proposed
vin	wine
chaud	hot
épicé	spicy
gingembre	ginger
cannelle	cinnamon
troupe	troop
ivres	drunk
comprise	included
malade	sick
pressentait-elle	felt-it
vais	'll
exploser	explode
intervint	intervened
rends-tu	thank you
compte	account
avales	avales
présent	this
raisonna-	raisonna-
extérioriser	externalize
visage	face
n’avait	had
celui	the
poule	hen
huppée	posh
peut-être	maybe
aurait-elle	would she
compris	including
plein	full
désarroi	disarray
sentait	felt
vrai-	true-
ment	ment
magie	magic
vermeilleux	vermeilleux
peut-elle	can it
m’incommoder	me to stand in the way
caqueta	emitted a clucking
as	as
doute	doubt
trop	too
mes	my
golem	golem
connaissaient	knew
chemins	paths
conduisaient	led
forêts	forests
enneigées	snowy
parfois	sometimes
68	68
traversait	crossed
rivières	rivers
gelées	frozen
encombre	clutters
décembre	December
janvier	January
soleil	sun
l’horizon	the horizon
longue	long
polaire	polar
laissait	left
brièvement	briefly
s’installer	install
crépuscule	twilight
bleuâtre	bluish
accentué	accented
blancheur	whiteness
mai	may
juillet	July
couchait	set
s’immobiliser	stop
minuit	midnight
reprendre	resume
ascension	ascension
l’aube	dawn
nouvelle	new
journée	day
stop	stop
stationnons	stop
là	there
scanda	scanda
bondit	leaps
hors	out
bougie	candle
disparut	disappeared
derrière	behind
fourrés	thickets
secouer	shake
ramasse	picks up
sais	know
bredouilla	gabble
Ça	It
l’endroit	the place
idéal	ideal
grand-chose	much
sorti	out
raquettes	rackets
pouvoir	power
marcher	walk
revenait	back
mains	hands
gonflé	inflated
gravit	gravit
marches	steps
dirigea	led
vers	to
préparer	prepare
jus	juice
baies	berries
quelle	what
juste	just
soulagera	relieve
gran-	gran-
dement	dement
crois	believe
qu’elle	it
constipée…	constipated...
fameux	famous
ajouta	added
reprit	took
course	race
fit	fit
ar-	ar-
rêter	rêter
proximité	close
lac	lake
gelé	frozen
descendit	went down
tenta	tried
suivre	follow
vit	lives
faire	do
trou	hole
glace	ice
jeter	throw
fil	wire
cherche-t-il	is he trying
quel-	what-
n’en	do
certain	some
recèle	contains
rituels	rituals
sorts	spells
d’invocations	invocations
convocations	convocations
recettes	recipes
pratique	practice
use	use
sorcellerie	witchcraft
nécromancie	necromancy
ombres	shadows
l’alchimie	alchemy
maître	master
mage	mage
brrr	brrr
l’air	the air
effrayant	scary
heureuse-	happy-
comprends	understand
tant	as
l’art	the art
d’évoquer	discuss
l’ombre	the shadow
morts	dead
ajou-	t-
soyez	be
inquiets	worried
mon	my
n’utilise	uses
général	general
69	69
regardait	watched
fenêtre	window
rendit	made
vite	fast
l’étendue	the extent
réalité	reality
sapins	firs
surface	surface
loin	far
boisée	woody
re-	re-
prenait	took
sentiers	trails
arc	arc
lumineux	bright
déchirait	tearing
soulignait	highlighted
contours	contours
paysage	landscape
phénomène	phenomenon
atmosphérique	atmospheric
connu	known
sous	under
nom	name
d’aurore	dawn
boréale	boreal
permettait	allowed
d’apercevoir	see
malgré	despite
légère	light
pénombre	penumbra
soudain	suddenly
sursauta	gasped
arrière	rear
resplendissait	there shone
mille	thousand
feux	lights
eut	had
réaction	reaction
d’effroi	dread
absurde	absurd
venait	came
d’attraper	to catch
poisson	fish
rangea	sided
attirail	paraphernalia
pê-	pê-
cheur	device
revint	returned
préparations	preparations
savantes	scholarly
potdeter	potdeter
conscience	consciousness
futée	smart
fur	as
vieillissait	aging
esprit	spirit
d’analyse	analysis
comportement	behavior
langage	language
évoluait	evolved
accélérée	accelerated
méconnaissable	unrecognizable
est-ce	is this
rituel	ritual
accomplir	to accomplish
votre	your
certes	of course
j’en	I
ai	I
assez	enough
mangerons	eat
faim	hunger
coucher	bedroom
fronça	frowned
sourcils	eyebrows
d’inquiétude	anxiety
autant	as much
partis	parties
midi	midi
ciel	sky
rythme	pace
n’arriveraient	not arrived
quand	when
arriverons-nous	will we get
réclama	asked
veux	want to
dire	say
ramasserais-je	ramasserais-I
oui	yes
entre	between
autres	other
venu…	come...
faut	must
stresser	stress
lâcha	released
fort	fort
accent	emphasis
sait	knows
attendre	wait
nouveau	new
avoir	have
lavé	washed
d’harry	harry
avança	advanced
instants	moments
s’arrêta	stopped
passe-t-il	happens
l’ignore	ignore
voir	see
trappe	hatch
harnaché	harnessed
glouton	wolverine
l’aurait-il	would it
attaqué	attacked
70	70
qu’est-ce	what is this
ressemble	looks like
calmement	calmly
tricotait	knitting
gloutons	gluttons
n’attaquent	attack
adultes	adults
sors	go out
chausser	put
sauta	jumped
recherche	search
montra	showed
direction	management
qu’avait	that was
empruntée	borrowed
trace	trace
nette	net
elles	they
couraient	ran
arbres	trees
perdaient	lost
tarda	soon
retrou-	seeing
ver	worm
pied	foot
grand	great
celui-ci	it
grattait	scratched
profonde	deep
sabots	hooves
fais-tu	do you
inquiétions	worry
cerf	deer
vidé	emptied
t’arrive-t-il	you happens
t’ai	you've
pourtant	yet
m’en	me
souviens	remember
rétorqua	" 
disant	saying
servait	served
contrarier	upset
gratta	scratched
sol	soil
frénésie	frenzy
déterra	unearthed
mous-	soft-
lichens	lichens
enfouis	buried
mètre	meter
laissa	let
trouvé	found
curiosité	curiosity
rejoindre	join
miniatures	thumbnails
constata	found
conti-	conti-
nuait	nuait
mange	eat
beaucoup	a lot
lorsque	when
l’on	we
inquiet	worried
dit-elle	she said
fièrement	proudly
pour-	for-
devrais-je	should I
mentit	lied
s’approcha	approached
d’eux	of them
remarqué	noticed
bonhomme	man
poilu	hairy
marron	brown
accompagné	accompanied
pelle	shovel
là-bas	there
regardèrent	looked
ensemble	all
vu	seen
retournons	return
suggéra	suggested
fini	finished
attrapa	caught
énergie	energy
71	71
s’agit	is
tchernoby	tchernoby
troll	troll
radioactif	radioactive
toujours	always
d’isatis	isatis
fidèle	faithful
renard	fox
réincarné	reincarnated
aperçoit	see
lorsqu’il	when it
aurores	aurora
boréales	boreal
rester	stay
ici	here
trolls	trolls
courent	run
lava	lava
n’avais	had
n’aimons	like
aiment	love
humilier	humiliate
voler	fly
notre	our
or	gold
heureusement	fortunately
n’avons	have
d’or	gold
dévoués	dedicated
connaissent	know
d’être	to be
laid	ugly
souffla	blew
sales	sales
répugnants	repugnant
prit	took
parti	party
réveilla	woke up
écoutent	listen
avons	have
progressé	advanced
éloignons	move away
de-	of-
vons	vons
redoubler	redouble
prudence	caution
piste	track
empruntera	it will go
collines	hills
étroits	close
vallées	valleys
larges	large
étendues	extended
blanches	white
trajet	journey
arctique	arctic
lune	moon
s’illuminera	will illuminate
conduirons	drive
éclairée	lit
lumières	lights
l’aurore	the dawn
poursuivrons	continue
route	road
atteindre	reach
ligne	line
magique	magic
cercle	circle
habite	live
peut	can
changer	change
tempête	storm
glacial	icy
parcours	course
amené	led
conduiras	drive
veux-tu	do you want to
t’aide	to help you
chemin	path
cœur	heart
arrêterons	stop
serons	will be
près	near
dizaine	ten
d’heures	hours
fera	will
aider	help
s’inquiéta	if worry
puissante	powerful
qu’auparavant	as before
soupira	sighed
incantation	casting
issue	after
doctrine	doctrine
se-	se-
crète	crete
créer	create
farce	stuffing
sévère	severe
72	72
j’insufflerais	I insufflerais
vie	life
aient	have
autonomie	autonomy
menaçante	threatening
c’est-à-dire	that is to say,
avoua	admitted
tombera	fall
mangera	eat
n’aime	likes
gâ-	gâ-
teaux	fortified
malheureusement	unfortunately
d’autre	on the other
solution	solution
signalèrent	reported
nombre	number
cachaient	hid
projetait	projected
lasers	lasers
flashait	flashait
reculer	back
n’atta-	no atta-
quaient	involved
défendre	defend
recevait	received
grosses	large
boules	balls
jouer	play
tours	towers
méchants	wicked
s’enfuient-ils	flee-they
jeté	cast
rayons	ray
sortent	come out
qu’à	as
tombée	fallen
n’apprécient	appreciate
flashs	flashes
éblouissants	dazzling
soudainement	suddenly
remarquer	notice
n’étais	there was
dernière	last
détour	detour
cité	city
tomtes	tomtes
appelée	called
empire	empire
sommeil	sleep
levant	rising
ancienne	old
mine	mine
cuivre	copper
abandonnée	abandoned
milieu	middle
marais	marsh
s’y	there
installés	installed
trouverais	find
dont	which
doit-on	should we
fai-	isp-
tes-vous	are you
vos	your
d’habitude	usually
j’utilise	I use
ordinaires	common
plupart	most
neutraliser	neutralize
es-	es-
pèce	case
minuscules	tiny
poussent	grow
prolifèrent	proliferate
excréments	dung
sale-	dirty-
tés	tees
beurk	yuck
pesta	pesta
vont	go
bons	good
gara	gara
clairière	glade
pins	pine
colline	hill
recouverte	covered
d’énormes	huge
nom-	name-
73	73
breux	many
stationnaient	stationed
devant	before
galerie	gallery
s’enfoncer	sink
roche	rock
intelligence	intelligence
proche	close
celle	the
animaux	animals
nôtre	ours
déclara	said
simple	simple
n’aide	help
établir	establish
communication	communication
élaborée	developed
chef	chief
malin	malin
parler	talk
négocier	negotiate
sois	am
prudent	careful
chéri	darling
n’eut	had
lever	sunrise
bras	arm
signe	sign
paix	peace
pluie	rain
l’avait	had
recouvert	covered
seule	only
bougeait	moved
en-	in-
core	core
bedonnant	portly
salopette	overalls
peau	skin
bilieuse	bilious
opaques	opaque
fixaient	set
l’amoncellement	the pile
expression	expression
niaise	am bullshitting
serra	serra
bonjour	hello
grognait	growled
entendre	hear
quelques-unes	some
injures	insults
apparaître	appear
d’autres	other
l’aident	the help
extraire	extract
prison	prison
claquant	slamming
toi	you
venir	come
chez	in
maison	home
doucement	gently
repartir	leave
suite	suite
vouloir	want to
dérangé	disturbed
donnerons	give
laisses	leashes
entrer	enter
nez	nose
oreilles	ears
dor-	dor-
maient	maient
chambre	room
principale	main
traverser	cross
longueur	length
risque	risk
réveiller	wake up
quelques-uns	a few
détestaient	hated
réveil-	alarm clock-
lés	reverse
accepta	accepted
offre	offers
pareille	such
refusait	refused
clai-	clai-
rière	t
bouger	move
l’odeur	the smell
tunnel	tunnel
abominable	abominable
rappelait	reminded
toilettes	toilet
fer	iron
empruntait	borrowed
papa	dad
sauf	except
émanations	fumes
fortes	strong
piquait	sting
vomir	vomit
présente	this
excepté	except
restés	stayed
dame	lady
74	74
rouleau	roll
pain	bread
fermement	firmly
affirmait	said
pénétre-	penetrates-
rait	it would be
servent	serve
tourbe	peat
confectionner	make
matelas	mattress
spongieux	spongy
forcément	necessarily
odeurs	smells
s’accumulent	accumulate
ignorait	ignored
songeait	was thinking of
s’agissait	was
commission	commission
cas	case
sonorité	sound
mot	word
évoquait	evoked
reluisant	shiny!
partie	part
préau	courtyard
l’école	the school
demanda-t-elle	he asked as she
rassurée	reassured
l’empire	the empire
puant	stinky
rectifia	modified
fillettes	girls
tinrent	held
ayant	having
entendu	heard
plaça	plaça
rôle	role
protecteur	protector
éclairaient	illuminated
parois	walls
roches	rocks
dégoû-	dégoû-
tantes	aunts
stalagmites	stalagmites
noircies	blackened
bourres	lint
coupaient	cut
bizarres	weird
crasseux	filthy
bondis-	hop-
saient	comprise
l’obscurité	the dark
disparaissaient	disappeared
filles	girls
hurlèrent	screamed
frayeur	fright
rongeurs	rodents
lemmings	lemmings
commenta	commented
gi-	im-
rofle	rofle
partagent	share
grotte	cave
s’entendent	agree
d’intelligences	intelligences
comparables	comparable
pieds	feet
s’enfonçaient	sank
boueuse	muddy
malodo-	malodo-
rante	by
flatulences	flatulence
remontaient	dating
sifflant	whistling
narines	nostrils
grandes	large
ouvertes	open
grogna	" 
bruit	noise
parcoururent	ran
fange	mire
gadoue	slush
durant	during
cinq	five
bonnes	good
minu-	minu-
l’humidité	the moisture
telle	such
relief	relief
accidenté	rugged
reliquats	leftovers
raclures	scrapings
rognures	clippings
salissures	dirt
collaient	stuck
bottines	ankle boots
soie	silk
feutrines	feutrines
pantalons	pants
pulls	sweaters
che-	che-
pourrons	can
nettoyer	clean
râla	râla
merde	shit
jusqu’au	until the
menton	chin
s’ébrouant	snorting assertion
aspergé	sprinkled
d’excrément	excrement
contenta	contenta
goûter	taste
75	75
pousser	push
zone	area
nettoyée	cleaned
permettre	allow
passage	passage
songé	thought
dehors	outside
pensait	thought
déguerpir	skedaddle
mène	leads
cavité	cavity
sert	serves
meurs	die
sommet	summit
s’est	is
percé	pierced
éboulis	scree
comblé	filled
creusé	dug
au-delà	beyond
autre	other
donne	gives
impasse	impasse
trouverons	find
nos	our
champi-	champi-
gnons	conks
enfoncement	squat
différent	different
l’écart	the gap
congénères	congeners
habiter	live
igloo	igloo
expliqua-t-il	he explained
mon-	my-
trant	trant
visite	visit
brève	brief
découverte	discovery
étonnante	amazing
res-	res-
chaises	chairs
table	table
constituées	incorporated
falloir	take
observant	observing
pelage	coat
écœurant	sickening
m’avait	I had
prendrais	take
bain	bath
fumier	manure
serais	would be
vas-tu	are you going to
taire	shut up
faisant	making
casses	breakages
certains	some
élu	elected
domicile	home
l’extérieur	outside
dormaient	slept
uns	each
tenaient	held
compagnie	company
hibernaient	hibernate
ronfler	snoring
gémir	moan
péter	farting
baissa	lowered
l’intensité	the intensity
détes-	détes-
taient	were
marchait	walked
silencieusement	silently
chuuut	shhh
dirent	said
chœur	chorus
intrus	intruder
recelait	held
trésor	treasure
déchets	waste
débris	debris
excavés	excavated
apercevait	caught sight of
bijoux	jewelry
volés	stolen
retint	retained
commenter	comment
poursui-	help
76	76
allèrent	went
faisaient	were
besoins	needs
découvrait	discovered
ossements	bones
détri-	détri-
tus	tus
immondices	filth
impuretés	impurities
issues	from
lavures	lavures
restes	remains
nourriture	food
moisie	moisie
margouillis	margouillis
permet	allows
développer	develop
chaleur	heat
méthane	methane
dégagent	release
constituent	are
mé-	me-
lange	lange
unique	single
introuvable	not found
ailleurs	elsewhere
chacun	each
partageait	shared
effet	effect
nausée	nausea
dis-moi	tell me
diable	devil
as-tu	have you
aurions	would
pu	could
ça	it
chère	dear
enfant	child
bête	beast
connais-tu	do you know
champignon	fungus
ap-	ap-
pelé	pele
truffe	truffle
tuber	tuber
brumale	brumale
verruqueux	warty
rave	rave
poivrée	peppery
brasser	stir
tonne	ton
trouver	find
serait-ce	would it be
dénicher	find
qu’avec	with
cent	cent
cinquante	fifty
années	years
sens	meaning
permettent	allow
d’y	there
clair…	clear...
sembla	seemed
comprendre	understand
l’attendait	the expected
prononça	spoke
éclaira	lit
empilement	stacking
d’excréments	dung
laisse	leaves
enfin	finally
éteignit	died
noir	black
absolu	absolute
s’installa	settled
éteint	off
s’étonna	was surprised
continua	continued
caractéristique	feature
enten-	enten-
dre	dr.
tombé	fallen
m…	m...
ralluma	relit
unique-	unique-
cervidé	deer
ironisa	ironisa
restèrent	stayed
déplacer	move
volumes	volumes
odorants	fragrant
odorat	smell
utilisa	used
localiser	locate
uniques	unique
tubercules	tubers
accomplit	performs
prouesse	feat
ramener	bring
précipiter	rush
mélasse	molasses
place	place
77	77
sachez	be aware
héros	hero
mordu	bitten
fesses	buttocks
relevant	under
accompli	accomplished
sale	dirty
boulot	job
vrai	true
payer	pay
cher	dear
observé	observed
évaluer	evaluate
paraissaient	seemed
guère	little
capables	capable
terrasser	defeat
eux	them
seuls	only
sortons	let's go out
aurez	will
Était-ce	Was it
poisse	bummer
ou	or
malchance	bad luck
devenu	now
excrément	kale
dérapa	dérapa
basculer	switch
ami	friend
bu	bu
tasse	cup
devinrent	became
crasse	grime
beugla-t-il	beugla-t-he
commencèrent	started
n’était	there was
indiqua	said
cycle	cycle
som-	som-
meil	meil
courage	courage
fuyons	let us flee
émise	issued
désormais	now
terne	dull
saletés	dirt
encombraient	cumber
paupières	eyelids
l’obligeaient	the forced
parvinrent	managed
plusieurs	several
glissades	slides
joindre	join
s’excitait	if excited
tellement	so
tournait	turned
lui-même	himself
girouette	vane
jonglait	jonglait
dérapages	skids
accélérations	acceleration
giro-	giro-
fle	fle
guidés	guided
avançaient	advanced
file	file
indienne	indian
sortie	output
furent	were
mine…	mine...
l’exception	the exception
couvre	covers
arrières	rear
expli-	expli-
qua	qua
prêtaient	lent
l’oreille	the ear
bruits	noise
émanaient	came
excavé	excavated
entendait	heard
hurlements	howling
horribles	horrible
rares	rare
éveillés	awake
occupaient	occupied
78	78
rapprochés	close
silence	silence
l’ouverture	the opening
tintamarre	tintamarre
mettait	put
l’expectative	the expectant
aucun	no
n’osait	did not dare to
retourner	return
devoir	duty
donner	give
maintenant	now
pendant	during
temps-là	time
réfugiée	refugee
hilo-	hilo-
da	da
nettoyait	cleaned
pauvre	poor
crachait	spit
dégoût	disgust
clair	clear
roula	roula
va-t-il	will he
sortir	out
perdu	lost
rapprocha	drew
peux-tu	can you
ton	your
retrouver	find
pouvons	can
redressa	straightened
l’entrée	the entry
puissance	power
puisse	can
distinguer	distinguish
s’extirper	out
momifié	mummified
rotations	rotations
lui-	him-
tousser	cough
recracher	spit
kilos	pounds
pouah	ugh
dégoûtant	disgusting
arrives	come
faisais-tu	did you
milliers	thousands
monstres	monsters
m’ont	I have
assailli	assailed
couru	ran
couru…	ran...
armée	army
apparut	appeared
niveau	level
écœurants	heart-rending
soule-	soule-
vés	vee
secoués	shaken
l’immense	the immense
soulevé	raised
projetant	projecting
gratter	scratch
terre	earth
rageurs	raging
prêts	loans
punir	punish
barré	strikethrough
levait	rose
dit-il	he said
observèrent	watched
méchanceté	wickedness
parlèrent	spoke
recevoir	receive
libérer	free
baril	barrel
réserve	reserve
ouvrit	opened
déversent	pour
gâteau	cake
sortit	went out
79	79
demanda-t-il	he asked
penchant	leaning
restait	remained
qu’une	a
mi-	mi-
nuscule	nuscule
gaufre	waffle
possible	possible
chuchota-t-il	whispered-t-he
pa-	pa-
nique	picnic
rempli	filled
moi-même	myself
barrique	barrel
bourricot…	burro...
monte	monte
ordonna-t-il	he ordered
dis-je…	I say...
s’exécuta	did it
harnachez	harnachez
rejoignez	join
ma-	my-
rie	ry
gÂteau	cake
regardant	looking at
pressentiment	premonition
situation	situation
dégénérer	degenerate
s’élança	darted
hâte	looking forward
traînant	dragging
sangle	strap
attendait	waiting
distribu-	general economic interest-
tion	tion
chuchota	whispered
mots	words
l’ennui	boredom
seront	will be
devrons	will have to
dé-	de-
guerpir	guerpir
d’ici	here
bêta	beta
qu’on	we
redemanda	was asked once again
retenant	retaining
confirma	confirmed
convient-il	is it
tendit	handed
l’unique	the unique
trouvée	found
fants	children
montaient	rose
somma	somma
m’aider	help me
descendre	down
el-	el-
80	80
bêtement	stupidly
regagné	returned
entendirent	heard
d’origan	oregano
indiquait	indicated
stupéfaits	stunned
dégoulinant	dripping
noire	black
para-	para-
lysés	lysés
l’ordre	the order
lequel	which
demandait	asked
répéta	repeated
désespéré	desperate
mètres	meters
entendit	heard
rumeur	rumor
colère	anger
cou-	neck-
raient	could
poursuite	further
accélère	accelerates
regard	look
incandescent	incandescent
t’expliquerais	you will explain
courait	ran
parvint	managed
rattraper	catch up
jeta	threw
pâtisserie	pastry
crâne	skull
déconfit	crestfallen
s’écroula	collapsed
migraine	migraine
désolé	sorry
guise	as
d’excuse	excuse
restées	remained
laquelle	which
s’éloigna	walked away
définitivement	definitely
rampa	rampa
jusqu’aux	up to
bonbons	candy
délecta	délecta
plaisir	fun
dissimulé	concealed
s’avéra	turned out to be
sournoisement	slyly
n’ayant	having
friandises	treats
destinées	for
laissé	left
néanmoins	nevertheless
démentait	denied
lé-	lé-
gende	legend
héroïsme	heroism
qu’en	in
renforcée	enhanced
s’approchait	approaching
confrontation	confrontation
imminente	imminent
81	81
lorsqu’ils	when they
suffisamment	enough
s’arrêtèrent	stopped
firent	did
bouillir	boil
l’eau	the water
lavèrent	washed
abandonnés	abandoned
changés	changed
quant	as
cassé	broken
fine	fine
couche	layer
ri-	ri-
vière	vière
baignés	bathed
êtes	are
désencrassait	désencrassait
brusquement	suddenly
fous	crazy
piaillait	piaillait
sautait	jumped
gémissait	moaning
quitta	left
mobile	mobile
vingt	twenty
tour	tour
vitesse	speed
rapetissé	dwarfed
cot	cot
affolée	distraught
parle	speaks
claire	clear
aile	wing
descendait	down
quel	what
ramdam	ramdam
maugréa-t-il	"grumbled-t-he
crie	cree
bouge	moves
secoue	shakes
dort	sleeps
mal	evil
t’a	you
hocha	hocha
négativement	negatively
leva	rose
recommença	again
manège	carousel
autour	around
bougez	move
lutin	pixie
pièce	room
dormi	slept
pelu-	pelu-
ches	ches
étonné	surprised
Étonnant	Amazing
monta	went up
alla	alla
regarder	watch
l’œuf	the egg
mystérieux	mysterious
ovale	oval
pouvait-il	could he
casse	case
surtout	especially
existe	there is
hasard	random
convoie	convoy
particulière	special
laissons-la	let the
s’accomplir	complete
miraculeux	miraculous
manifestera	manifest
voulu	wanted
destinée	for
cessa	ceased
gesticuler	gesticulate
tard	later
cuisinait	cooked
par-	by-
tir	shooting
truffes	truffles
82	82
aura	will
davantage	more
vingt-cinq	twenty-five
portions	servings
malé-	malé-
fiques	estonia
doit	must
prévenez	tell
nourri-	fed-
ture	ture
arriverons	get
emmènera	take you
chargea	charged
elle-même	itself
informer	inform
jura	jura
mangerait	eat
pourvu	provided
lave	lava
quittent	leave
calmée	calmed down
présence	presence
essayait	tried
vain	vain
hauteur	height
mêlés	mixed
joie	joy
choses	things
becter	becter
confiseries	confectionery
donna	donna
calmer	calm down
dégusta	dégusta
d’épice	spice
destination…	destination...
certainement	certainly
d’apparaître	to appear
au-devant	the front
l’univers	the universe
dômes	domes
surplombaient	limbs
vallée	valley
office	office
d’arbres	trees
innombrables	countless
conifères	conifers
main-	hand-
tenant	taking into
tableau	table
remis	given
grand-père	grand-father
parles	talk
possède	has
options	options
portage…	portage...
montre	watch
t’emmener	take you away
lieux	places
extraordinaires	extraordinary
suffi	enough
t’attraper	catch you
passés	past
étape	step
emmené	taken
l’été	the summer
l’impression	printing
hiver	winter
prends	take
connaît	knows
époques	times
change	exchange
d’aspect	aspect
permanence	permanently
danger	danger
toiles	paintings
peuvent	can
nerveuses	nerve
changent	change
souvent	often
texture	texture
arrivent	arrive
pyjama	pajamas
83	83
permanent	permanent
doivent	must
rapetissés	dwarfed
moyen	average
pénétrer	enter
quittons	leave
zones	areas
vermeilles	scarlet
croissons	grow
taille	size
réelle	real
vice-versa	vice-versa
sûr	course
ceci	this
fonctionne	works
condition	condition
aliments	food
magiques	magic
ceux	those
prairie	prairie
sommes-nous	are we
soir	evening
vingt-quatre	twenty-four
décem-	decem-
bre	bre
jour	day
lèvera	rise
serez	will be
rentrés	back
mai-	may-
vilain	naughty
coquin	rogue
brailla	brailla
puni	punished
fois-ci	time
prévint	he warned
échouer	fail
parlait	spoke
dormait	slept
rai-	rai-
exception	exception
faite	made
passèrent	passed
répondirent	answered
interrogations	questions
âge	age
avançait	advanced
imaginait	imagined
activités	activities
étranges	strange
fatidique	fateful
redouté	dreaded
approchait	approaching
85	85
écrire	write
lettre	letter
voici	here
adresse	address
santa	santa
claus	claus
96930	96930
rovaniemi	rovaniemi
arctic	arctic
finlande	finland
