chapitre	chapter
vii	vii
–	-
rencontre	meeting
avec	with
le	the
père	father
noël	christmas
e	e
et	and
son	its
baudet	baudet
habitaient	lived
en	in
de	of
nombreux	many
lieux	places
pour	for
y	there
accéder	access
sans	without
avoir	have
à	to
prendre	take
ni	or
traî-	traî-
neau	neau
les	the
transports	transport
commun	common
utilisait	used
une	a
technologie	technology
divine	divine
basée	based
sur	on
trous	holes
ver	worm
l’espace-temps	the space-time
ensuite	then
il	it
se	is
téléportait	téléportait
passant	from
au	the
travers	through
tableaux	tables
go-	gb-
lem	lem
c’était	it was
cette	this
même	even
technomagie	magitech
que	that
distribuait	distributed
tous	all
cadeaux	gifts
du	the
monde	world
simple	simple
soirée	evening
est	is
théoriquement	theoretically
bien	well
plus	more
âgé	old
vieux	old
des	of
gnomes	gnomes
avoua	admitted
lutin	pixie
si	if
connaît	knows
recoins	corners
la	the
planète	planet
troupe	troop
débarqua	landed
premier	first
lieu	place
dans	in
un	a
endroit	place
glacial	icy
pôle	pole
nord-américain	north american
d’alaska	alaska
maison	home
qui	that
hébergeait	hosting
tableau	table
était	was
aussi	also
déserte	deserted
l’était	the was
château	castle
s’agissait	was
d’une	a
grande	great
étages	floors
balcons	balconies
surplombant	overlooking
montagne	mountain
ils	they
assistèrent	attended
magnifique	beautiful
coucher	bedroom
soleil	sun
grands	great
lacs	lakes
partout	everywhere
forêts	forests
splendides	splendid
lord	lord
païen	pagan
semblait	seemed
élu	elected
domicile	home
mais	but
n’était	there was
pas	not
présent	this
repassèrent	repassèrent
par	by
cave	cellar
puis	then
changèrent	changed
projeta	projected
vers	to
rovaniemi	rovaniemi
autre	other
korvatun-	korvatun-
turi	turi
toujours	always
laponie	lapland
finlandaise	Finnish
n’avait	had
semblait-il	it seemed
choisi	chosen
résider	reside
passer	pass
fêtes	holidays
où	where
pouvait-il	could he
donc	so
être	be
deux	two
autres	other
envoyèrent	sent
nos	our
amis	friends
amsterdam	amsterdam
là	there
s’appelait	called
sinter	sinter
klass	klass
new	new
york	york
on	it
l’appelait	the called
santa	santa
claus	claus
d’amsterdam	amsterdam
vide	empty
apparte-	flats
ments	ments
l’intérieur	inside
bâtisse	building
seigneuriale	stately
servaient	served
d’héber-	eber-
gement	gement
occasionnel	casual
gnome	gnome
sa	its
gnomide	gnomide
faisaient	were
office	office
majordomes	butlers
n’avaient	had
croisé	cross
depuis	since
mo-	mo-
ment	ment
sommet	summit
d’un	a
gratte-ciel	skyscraper
manhattan	manhattan
bureaux	offices
étaient	were
vides	empty
ni-	nor-
veaux	calves
jouets	toys
traînaient	hanging out
coins	corners
recouverts	covered
papiers	papers
d’emballage	packaging
avait	had
coupé	cut
courant	current
admira	admired
paysage	landscape
silence	silence
voyait	saw
choses	things
extraordinaires	extraordinary
l	the
-	-
136	136
l’autre	the other
ne	do
jamais	never
vermeilleux	vermeilleux
n’y	there
nous	we
reste	rest
qu’un	a
dernier	last
dit	said
origan	oregano
enfants	children
demandèrent	asked
leur	their
expliquer	explain
l’histoire	the story
d’où	where
venait-il	was it
pouvoirs	powers
demi-dieu	demi-god
également	also
seule	only
entité	entity
humaine	human
extraordinaire	extraordinary
séjourner	stay
terre	earth
raconta	told
né	born
l’an	the year
cent	cent
cinquante	fifty
après	after
jésus-	jesus
christ	christ
sud-ouest	south-west
turquie	turkey
asie	asia
mineure	minor
ville	city
patara	patara
sein	within
riche	rich
pieuse	pious
famille	family
chrétienne	christian
en-	in-
suite	suite
devenu	now
l’Évêque	the Bishop
nicolas	nicolas
lycie	lycia
comme	as
tout	all
humain	human
saint-nicolas	saint-nicolas
mourut	died
six	six
décembre	December
l’âge	the age
quatre-vingt-	four-twenty-
dix	ten
ans	years
environ	about
certains	some
d’ailleurs	moreover,
choisirent	chose
fêter	celebrate
non	not
vingt-cinq	twenty-five
l’ensevelit	the buried
alors	then
tombeau	tomb
marbre	marble
myra	myra
saint-	saint-
mort	death
poursuivit	continued
ses	its
miracles	miracles
sources	sources
d’eau	water
aux	the
vertus	virtues
curatives	healing
jaillirent	out
tombe	falls
longtemps	for a long time
lutins	goblins
latins	Latin
détruisi-	détruisi-
rent	rent
encore	yet
tard	later
quarante-sept	forty-seven
garous-	garous-
gouras	gouras
provenant	from
d’italie	italy
profanèrent	profanèrent
saint-père	holy father
dérobèrent	dérobèrent
ossements	bones
reliques	relics
qu’ils	they
emportè-	emportè-
cité	city
italienne	Italian
(dénommée	(referred to as
bari)	bari)
Étrangement	Strangely
saint	saint
continuaient	continued
d’accomplir	to accomplish
elles	they
protégeaient	protected
gnomes-brigands	gnomes-robbers
sauvaient	saved
passants	passers-by
noyade	drowning
ramenaient	back
leurs	their
parents	parents
égarés	lost
ou	or
enlevés	removed
quelques	a few
années	years
l’arrivée	the arrival
italie	italy
lorrain	lorraine
dénommé	referred to as
julenisse	julenisse
revenait	back
croisade	crusade
jérusa-	jérusa-
passa	spent
bari	bari
fut	was
très	very
médusé	stunned
tant	as
prodiges	wonders
déroba	stole
garous-gouras	garous-gouras
phalange	phalanx
d’index	index
notre	our
bon	good
l’emmena	took it to
natale	native
bretagne	britain
car	because
étonné	surprised
homme	man
décédé	deceased
puisse	can
faire	do
détenait	held
secrets	secrets
réincarnation	reincarnation
qu’il	it
l’ami	the friend
dieu	god
borgne	one-eyed
décida	decided
ressusciter	resurrect
l’os	the os
re-	re-
couvrit	covered
chair	flesh
corps	body
vieillard	old man
restauré	restored
tête	head
pieds	feet
regarda	looked at
petite	small
parlait	spoke
137	137
hommes	men
n’ont	have
pouvoir	power
pensait	thought
jus-	juice-
qu’alors	then
sont	are
dieux	gods
meurent	die
ce	this
sera	will be
immortel	immortal
c’est	it is
ton	your
ami	friend
a	has
redonné	given
existence	existence
quatre-vingt-dix	four-twenty-ten
conclut	concludes
marie	mary
exact	exact
restés	stayed
expédia	shipped
restait	remained
fait	fact
émerger	emerge
villa	villa
ensoleillée	sunny
entourée	surrounded
immense	huge
jardin	garden
fleuri	flower
petits	small
troncs	trunks
tenait	held
pancarte	sign
bois	wood
indiquant	indicating
tâche	task
d’être	to be
toutefois	however
t’estime	you estimated
point	point
balayait	swept
secteur	sector
rayons	ray
évidence	obviously
chaise	chair
longue	long
portait	wore
lunettes	glasses
paraissait	seemed
somnoler	dozing
je	I
suis	am
déjà	already
venue	coming
ici	here
déclara	said
Éla	Elah
sauf	except
me	me
rappe-	raps-
lais	lais
comment	how
j’y	I
étais	was
parvenu	managed
À	To
revient	returns
marchais	walked
sombres	dark
couloirs	corridors
quand	when
soudain	suddenly
retrouvée	found
côtés	sides
apparus	appeared
j’ai	I
fui	fled
champ	field
couloir	hallway
hum	hum
turque	Turkish
invisible	invisible
l’extérieur	outside
peut	can
sortir	out
autrement	otherwise
qu’en	in
retournant	returning
là-bas	there
trouve	find
véritable	true
tableaux-porteurs	tables-holders
décédés	deceased
constitués	made
vapeur	steam
déplacent	move
n’écoutait	not listened to
elle	it
regardait	watched
effare-	effare-
s’approcha	approached
doucement	gently
mains	hands
pendantes	pending
dormait	slept
pourquoi	why
reconnaissait-elle	recognized-it
visage	face
familier	familiar
pourtant	yet
parvenait	could
l’identifier	identify
nom	name
bout	end
langue	language
râla-t-elle	râla-t-it
cela	this
vient	comes
annonça	announced
séverin	séverin
prends	take
idiote	silly
pesta-t-elle	pesta-t-it
souriant	smiling
reconnaître	recognize
qu’à	as
regarder	watch
manière	way
dont	which
s’habille	dresses
quel	what
problème	problem
cas	case
rappelle	remember
vu	seen
138	138
moi	me
tien	tien
parce	because
tu	you
m’as	me
s’étonna	was surprised
effet	effect
répondit-il	he replied
n’avoua	not admitted
réciprocité	reciprocity
ces	these
sensations	sensations
raison	reason
principale	main
laquelle	which
qu’Éla	that Elah
soit	either
eux	them
l’aventure	the adventure
étranges	strange
conclut-elle	she concludes
cho-	cho-
cocotte	casserole
n’en	do
pouvait	could
rien	nothing
ingurgité	chugged
heures	hours
gratta	scratched
sol	soil
frénétiquement	frantically
recher-	research
che	che
oui	yes
rares	rare
insectes	insects
labourait	plowing
attrapait	caught
qu’elle	it
harry	harry
sâ	'sâ
quittait	left
yeux	eyes
drôle	funny
d’animal	animal
pensait-il	he thought
poule	hen
dépense	expenditure
énergie	energy
folle	crazy
trouver	find
quoi	what
manger	eat
jugea	found
étrange	strange
est-ce	is this
magie	magic
trois	three
s’étaient	had
approchés	approached
l’homme	the man
dor-	dor-
mait	mait
temps	time
grattait	scratched
barbe	beard
main	hand
sembla	seemed
chercher	search
quelque	some
chose	thing
verre	glass
l’attrapa	caught
afin	in order
l’éloigner	away
bras	arm
chercha	sought
tâtonnant	groping
long	long
moment	time
front	front
plissa	wrinkled
ouvrit	opened
contre	against
toute	any
attente	waiting
aperçut	saw
seulement	only
sustentation	levitation
l’arracha	tore it off
but	purpose
contenu	content
suait	was sweating
chaud	hot
leva	rose
ramassa	picked up
parasol	parasol
fixa	fixa
au-dessus	above
regardaient	watched
ignorer	ignore
ainsi	as well
livre	book
jardinage	gardening
arbres	trees
fruitiers	fruit
commença	started
parcourir	browse
qu’est-ce	what is this
chuchota	whispered
croirait	like
voir	see
voit	see
affirma	said
garde	guard
l’en	the
empêche	prevents
s’il	if it
hypnotisé	hypnotized
renchérit	adds
répéta	repeated
139	139
sous	under
influence	influence
hypnotique	hypnotic
celle	the
l’arlequin	the harlequin
présume	assumed
étonnant	amazing
parvienne	to reach
s’en	in
débar-	debar-
rasser	rasser
crois	believe
m’avais	I had
expliqué	explained
s’occupait	was
d’arbres	trees
au-	at-
paravant	before
faisait	was
exactement	exactly
mêmes	same
gestes	gestures
tourne	turns
rond	round
autour	around
l’obsède	the obsessed
plaça	plaça
derrière	behind
observa	watched
lecture	reading
lire	read
relire	read
page	page
tournait-il	turned it
bâilla	yawned
comprit	understood
s’ennuyait	bored
indéfiniment	indefinitely
tourna	turned
elle-même	itself
offusque	one
cependant	however
air	air
changea	changed
découvrait	discovered
pre-	pre-
mière	st
fois	time
première	first
pages	pages
face	in the face of
intéressant	interesting
acheva	completed
bas	the bottom
troisième	third
recommença	again
sottement	foolishly
début	beginning
seconde	second
s’exclama	exclaimed
peux-tu	can you
tourner	turn
ma	my
place	place
semble	seems
incapable	unable
seul	only
lorsqu’il	when it
lit	bed
relit	replays
finit	ends
s’endormir	falling asleep
aide-le	help-
progresser	progress
curieuse	curious
fera	will
achève	ends
entendu	heard
vais	'll
tour	tour
peut-être	maybe
a-t-il	there
découvrir	discover
renne	reindeer
retrouvé	found
trace	trace
l’âne	the ass
été	been
compagnon	companion
jeu	game
autrefois	once
séjournait	staying
cons-	cons-
tamment	in particular,
ennui	boredom
soupira	sighed
déplace	moves
pratiquement	virtually
fait-il	it
demanda	asked
s’occupe	deals
particulier	particular
cet	this
arbre-ci	tree-
alla	alla
brouter	graze
herbes	herbs
pied	foot
nectarinier	nectarine
j’ignore	I don't know
arbre	tree
malade	sick
tellement	so
d’extraordinaire	extraordinary
capable	able
détacher	detach
cadeau	gift
chez	in
prétend	claims
générosité	generosity
donne	gives
fruit	fruit
l’arbre	the tree
140	140
pousse	grows
constamment	constantly
ar-	ar-
buste	bust
vigoureux	vigorous
courageux	brave
malédiction	curse
touche	key
arbrisseau	shrub
s’approchèrent	came
bourricots	small donkeys
parlez-vous	are you talking about
expliqua	explained
aimait	loved
beaucoup	a lot
bé-	bé-
bés-arbres	bés-trees
feuilles	leaves
appétissantes	appetizing
juteuses	juicy
qu’elles	they
paraissent	appear
malades	sick
sont-elles	are they
retournent	return
tubes	tubes
flétrissent	wilt
di-	di-
rait	it would be
dévorées	devoured
celles-là	those
soient	are
jeunes	young
mortes	dead
sèches	dry
n’a	did
assez	enough
vertes	green
croître	grow
pucerons	aphids
doivent	must
sève	sap
vois	see
es	es
instruit	educated
passé	past
bac	tray
vois-tu	do you see
l’ai	I
obtenu	obtained
bruit	noise
court	short
qu’on	we
te	te
l’aurait	would have
accordé	granted
as	as
dévoré	devoured
l’arrière-train	the rear-train
l’arlequin…	the harlequin...
fadaises	moonshine
j’étais	I was
élève	student
biologie	biology
végétale	plant
serait	would be
plutôt	rather
affaire	case
d’estomac	stomach
pfff	pfff
m’en	me
s’éloigna	walked away
filles	girls
rejoindre	join
l’amusait	the fun
guère	little
taquine	teases
grand	great
orgueil	pride
parfois	sometimes
fallait	had to
retrait	withdrawal
savoir	know
posséder	have
jugeote	savvy
échouait	failed
grappillait	grappillait
par-ci	here
par-là	there
comparé	compared
régime	plan
pantagruélique	gargantuan
plusieurs	several
jours	days
repas-là	meals-there
trop	too
misérable	miserable
revinrent	returned
lisait	read
vi-	vi-
tesse	tesse
soulagé	relieved
d’arriver	to arrive
dernière	last
suppo-	suppo-
halète	pants
lisant	reading
pressé	hurry
d’en	to
finir	finish
subconscient	subconscious
confirma	confirmed
situation	situation
doit	must
souffrir	suffer
patientèrent	patientèrent
posa	posa
dirigea	led
appentis	lean-to
porte	door
tenta	tried
d’ouvrir	open
placard	closet
141	141
força	forced
vain	vain
l’ouvrir	the open
verrouillé	locked
loquet	latch
remarqua	noticed
ouvre-le	opens-the
bizarre	weird
nota	note
dirait	looks like
dort	sleeps
somnambule	sleepwalker
fit	fit
glisser	drag
clenche	latch
pivotante	swivel
s’était	had
bloquée	blocked
mentonnet	mentonnet
s’ouvrit	opened
attrapa	caught
sorte	so
poudre	powder
fine	fine
protéger	protect
pêchers	peach
produit	product
bleu	blue
recouvrir	cover
préservés	preserved
attaques	attacks
champignons	mushrooms
microscopi-	microscopi-
ques	ques
lis	read
l’application	the application
surtout	especially
automne	fall
découvrit	discovered
peu	little
importe	any
arrosoir	watering can
remplit	fills
maladroitement	awkwardly
déversa	poured
quantité	quantity
mélangea	mixed
l’ensemble	all
Ça	It
quitte	leaves
l’appentis	the lean-to
cria	cried
va-t-il	will he
al-	al-
ler	ler
maintenant	now
avança	advanced
zom-	zom-
bie	ibe
installa	installed
petit	small
escabeau	stepladder
escalada	escalada
recouvra	recovered
eau	water
bleue	blue
bleuâtre	bluish
dire	say
sur-	on-
élégant	elegant
tendit	handed
regard	look
inquisiteur	inquisitor
flétries	wilted
tubulaires	tubular
œil	eye
fourmi	ant
instant	now
s’aventura	if aventura
suivre	follow
l’insecte	the insect
parcouru	traveled
branche	branch
précision	precision
jusqu’à	up to
atteindre	reach
tronc	trunk
descendit	went down
jusqu’au	until the
d’autres	other
fourmis	ants
indiqua	said
certaines	some
descendent	down
escaladent	climb
empruntent	borrow
chemins	paths
identi-	identi-
séparent	separate
rendre	make
pour-	for-
feuille	sheet
l’ouvrit	the opened
regardez	watch
vous	you
voyez	see
bébés	babies
four-	oven-
142	142
mis	put
ont	have
élevage	livestock
procèdent	proceed
élevages	farms
moutons	sheep
parvenues	received
enrou-	enrou-
cisaillant	cisaillant
déposé	filed
chacune	each
d’elles	they
colle	glue
infâme	infamous
gluantes	sticky
astucieuse	clever
d’accord	agreement
analyse	analysis
créent	create
abri	shelter
puissent	can
survivre	survive
coccinelles	ladybugs
s’enfuir	escape
pu-	pu-
cerons	cerons
fournissent	provide
échange	exchange
excréments	dung
raffolent	love
sortie	output
chaque	each
tunnel	tunnel
obstruée	obstructed
va	will
changer	change
insecticide	insecticide
dicta	dicta
verrons	see
rapporta	reported
l’insecticide	the insecticide
devant	before
nez	nose
l’objet	the object
comprendre	understand
qu’après	after
minutes	minutes
vaporisa	vaporisa
effectuant	performing
effectuait	was
mit	mit
toucher	touch
extrémités	ends
branches	branches
ouvre	opens
tue	kills
parasites	parasites
constata	found
ouf	phew
maugréa	"grumbled
s’écria	cried
s’arrêta	stopped
frotta	rubbed
faut	must
persister	persist
redoutaient	feared
arriva	came to pass
survint	came
enfin	finally
fini	finished
réparer	repair
ta-	ta-
bleau-porteur	bleau-holder
retrouvés	found
bandelette	strip
blanche	white
l’accompagnait	accompanied
voilà	this is
martela-t-il	martela-t-he
m’attendais	was expecting
tiens	want
accompagnes	accompanied by
prêt	loan
confronter	compare
n’est-ce	is this
n’approche	do not approach
arlequin	harlequin
menaçant	threatening
marteau	hammer
crois-tu	do you think you
fasse	do
peur	fear
l’a	the
es-	es-
sayé	sayé
n’est	there is
distribuer	distribute
supplémentaires	additional
143	143
recula	backed
battre	beat
retraite	retirement
certes	of course
escomptait	forecast
lâcher	letting go
lui	him
terrible	terrible
souhaitait	wanted
attendre	wait
opportunité	opportunity
meilleure	best
besoin	need
jugeait	considered
capacités	capacity
intellectuelles	intellectual
faibles	low
mener	lead
moindre	less
conflit	conflict
redoutait	feared
qu’une	a
réveil	alarm clock
réalité	reality
vieil	old
trouvait	was
milieu	middle
proximité	close
obsessionnel	obsessive
tonna	thundered down
viens-tu	have you just
voulais	wanted
vérifier	check
allait	would
toi	you
j’arrive	I can
soigner	treat
mon	my
espoirs	hopes
t’ai	you've
offert	offered
magique	magic
ta	your
vie	life
rester	stay
éternelle	eternal
prends-en	take-in
soin	care
dépérir	wither
sais	know
vas	vas
laisser	let
dis	say
grossi	grossi
dis-tu	you say you
fin	end
ligne	line
svelte	slender
sport	sport
Étrange	Strange
faites	do
d’histoire	history
suivez-moi	follow me
quittons	leave
pardon	forgiveness
excuse-moi	excuse me
parlais	was talking about
cessa	ceased
attention	attention
avez-vous	have you
compris	including
suivez	follow
clama	cried
répondit	replied
suivrons	follow
m’obligez	I get
utiliser	use
force	force
comptez	count
m’entend	hear me
martela	martela
sé-	sé-
questreras	questreras
personne	person
n’empêchera	not prevent
démocratie	democracy
liberté	freedom
s’étendre	extend
répliqua	replied
américain	american
144	144
parles-tu	are you talking about
râla	râla
libéralisme	liberalism
avancée	advanced
veut	wants to
parler	talk
l’absolutisme	absolutism
discussion	discussion
intéresse	interested
peux	can
ravaler	swallow
misanthropie	misanthropy
tes	your
arguments	arguments
égoïstes	selfish
profita	took advantage
discutait	discussed
frapper	hit
grimace	grin
enleva	removed
soulier	shoe
mal	evil
hurla	screamed
immunisé	immune
effets	effects
pu	could
l’heure	the time
reproduira	reproduce
l’intention	the intention
entendre	hear
davantage	more
frappa	hit
crâne	skull
es-tu	are you
blablater	blablater
s’endormit	fell asleep
profond	deep
sommeil	sleep
vas-y	vas-y
attaque	attack
postérieur	post
hur-	hur-
détalé	lighted out when
compagnie	company
trem-	trem-
blant	blant
l’idée	the idea
d’affronter	face
méchant	nasty
ah	ah
fous	crazy
fuient	flee
puissance	power
rire	laugh
fou	crazy
retentit	sounds
résidence	residence
sûr	course
n’entendait	did
mirent	started
crépiter	sizzle
éclairs	lightning
ser-	ser-
pes	pes
furieusement	furiously
attirait	drew
l’énergie	the energy
reins	kidneys
incendiaient	were burning
l’air	the air
gueula	cried out
retourna	returned
attrape	grabs
garçon	boy
jeta	threw
bouteille	bottle
d’insecticide	insecticide
effectua	made
gigantesque	gigantic
magistral	lecture
shoot	shoot
direction	management
réflexe	reflex
libéra	freed
destructrice	destructive
bou-	bou-
teille	bast
s’enflamma	burned
répandit	spread
partie	part
brûla	burned
aveugla	aveugla
che-	che-
veux	want to
passèrent	passed
145	145
grogna	" 
suivi	follow-up
scène	scene
loin	far
n’ai	haven
mordu	bitten
fesses	buttocks
confessa	confessed
souhaitais	wanted
obtenir	get
dépit	despite
mes	my
mauvaises	bad
notations	ratings
sait	knows
découvriraient-ils	discover-they
fonce	dark
aveugle	blind
verra	see
venir	come
baissa	lowered
lancer	launch
charge	load
reçut	received
d’harry	harry
retrouva	found
projeté	projected
moitié	half
assommé	knocked out
releva	rose
titubant	staggering
nouveau	new
visible	visible
gros	wholesale
brûlé	burned
fumant	smoking
passait-il	was it
cruauté	cruelty
calculée	calculated
poussa	pushed
balourd	exciter
pêcher	fish
nectarines	nectarines
briser	break
qu’as-tu	what did you
collet	collar
fétu	wisp
paille	straw
souleva	raised
geste	gesture
repoussa	pushed
faisant	making
voltiger	flit
désormais	now
portes	doors
devinrent	became
rouges	red
colère	anger
réveillait	woke up
torpeur	torpor
glousser	squealing
néanmoins	nevertheless
com-	com-
mençait	mençait
s’agiter	shake
celui	the
griller	grill
dindes	turkeys
pintades	guinea fowl
poulets	chickens
détestait	hated
péniblement	painfully
apparu-	appeared-
intenses	intense
mot	word
détala	détala
foulées	strides
prit	took
sauta	jumped
trouva	found
caves	cellars
pleutres	pleutres
fuyez	flee
gamin	kid
payer	pay
saccagé	trashed
cartons	cartons
sali	sali
costume	costume
146	146
inquiets	worried
commençait	started
craindre	fear
prenne	take
sort	fate
réglé	set
jambe	leg
res	res
tomber	fall
réalisa	realized
sortilège	hex
truie	sow
n’arriva	never came
essaya	tried
transformer	transform
guenon	monkey
jouet	toy
passait	passed
m’arrive-t-il	to me happens
m’abandonne-t-elle	leave me she
peluche	plush
animée	animated
parfaitement	perfectly
insensible	insensitive
avaler	swallow
tho-	tho-
rax	rax
grosses	large
jambes	legs
ventre	belly
bec	bec
extensible	extensible
parais-	seem to-
quelle	what
horreur	horror
ingurgite	ingests
coince…	stuck...
rentrer	return
s’étouffer	choke
spectacle	show
tournant	turning
l’encourager	encourage
remis	given
perte	loss
côté	side
s’agitait	stirred
dois-je	do I have to
bramait-il	bramait it
s’étouffe	choking
analysa	analyzed
décidé	decided
aide-la	help-the
repas	meal
voyons	see
position	position
dangereux	dangerous
brama-t-il	brama-t-he
accroche-toi	hang in there
effectuer	perform
ruade	ruade
devrait	should
sier	sier
aussitôt	as soon
sabots	hooves
projetèrent	threw
recracha	recracha
chaussures	shoes
eut	had
hoquets	hiccups
jaillissements	the spurs
fumerolles	fumaroles
lançait	launched
dernières	last
salves	bursts
bientôt	soon
rots	burping
rappeler	remember
l’existence	the existence
147	147
beurk	yuck
brama	brama
pauvre	poor
savait	knew
toutes	all
mangées	eaten
mangé	ate
gâteaux	cakes
golem	golem
clou	nail
girofle	clove
préparés	prepared
rappela	reminded
aient	have
l’effet	the effect
murmura	whispered
histoire	history
parait	seems
retrouver	find
cot	cot
cru	raw
mouillée	wet
heureusement	fortunately
héroïsme	heroism
figure	figure
l’avant	the front
traîneaux	sleds
sobrement	soberly
renforcé	reinforced
réputation	reputation
ayant	having
contribué	contributed
sau-	sau-
adulé	adulated
royaume	kingdom
aurait	would
droit	right
autant	as much
régimes	plans
carot-	carot-
pourrait	could
dévorer	devour
déplaça	moved
prairie	prairie
digérer	digest
l’immense	the immense
vêtements	clothing
goût	taste
nourrissait	fed
grassement	handsomely
réapparut	reappeared
doute	doubt
rassuré	reassured
arri-	arri-
étonnement	astonishment
disparition	disappearance
s’est-il	is there
demanda-t-il	he asked
répondre	reply
aidé	helped
l’avaler	the swallow
entièrement	fully
poulette	chick
paire	pair
tissées	woven
partir	from
fils	son
d’or	gold
diamants	diamonds
émeraudes	emeralds
encastrés	recessed
struc-	struc-
ture	ture
richesse	wealth
devait	should
détenir	hold
presque	almost
immortels	immortal
cessent	stop
s’enrichir	enrich
partagent	share
disparaissent	disappear
jour	day
s’ils	if they
gentils	nice
naturel	natural
nécessaire	necessary
seuls	only
devaient	had to
éternels	eternal
148	148
t’aime	love you
reviens	come back
réfugier	refuge
olivier	olivier
banc	bench
pierre	stone
l’y	there
attendait	waiting
s’assit	sat
fatigué	tired
vue	view
devenait	became
floue	fuzzy
paraissaient	seemed
apercevoir	see
silhouettes	silhouettes
n’étaient	there were
piliers	pillars
mouvants	shifting
indistincts	indistinct
mobiles	mobile
couleurs	colors
mélangeaient	mixed
rendant	making
forme	form
totalement	totally
craquer	crack
brindille	twig
oh	oh
quelqu’un	someone
serait-il	would it be
jeune	young
fille	girl
splendide	splendid
d’environ	about
quatorze	fourteen
habillée	dressed
élégante	elegant
robe	dress
velours	velvet
rouge	red
tachetée	spotted
filets	nets
blancs	white
longs	long
collants	tights
immaculés	immaculate
soie	silk
sang	blood
cheveux	hair
neigeux	snowy
brillaient	shone
l’argent	the money
s’étonna-t-il	was surprised there
connais-tu	do you know
connais	know
parviens	am
souvenir	remember
ai-je	I
intervint	intervened
d’Éla	of Elah
joli	nice
d’enfant	child
adolescente	teen
semblable	similar
avoua-t-il	confessed he
sais-tu	do you know
ressens	feel
impression	print
vieilli	aged
êtes-vous	are you
suis-je	am I
sensation	sensation
d’avoir	to have
sommeillé	slumbered
épaisse	thick
chaude	hot
doux	soft
frissons	chills
l’étreignirent	the étreignirent
rappelles-tu	remember-you
sentiment	feeling
abandonné	abandoned
l’époque	the time
fus	was
réincarné	reincarnated
souviens-tu	remember-you
149	149
allé	gone
prétendait	claimed
pou-	pou-
m’aider	help me
réaliser	make
merveilleux	wonderful
habitait	lived
redevenue	again
précise	precise
vit	lives
connaissait	knew
énorme	huge
dû	due
créer	create
soucis	worries
dit-il	he said
l’épaule	the shoulder
lettre	letter
destinait	intended
grand-père	grand-father
remettre	back
l’enveloppe	the envelope
sortit	went out
dessin	drawing
texte	text
colorié	colored
voudrais	would like to
sois	am
certain	some
person-	person-
nes	nes
fabriqué	manufactured
l’ont	have
meilleures	best
conditions	conditions
payés	paid
convenablement	properly
t’assures	make sure
peuvent	can
vivre	live
pâtir	suffer
fatigués	tired
grâce	thanks
dur	hard
travail	work
envoyer	send
l’école	the school
saches	to know
t’aimerais	would love you
advenir	happen
horribles	horrible
arrivées	arrivals
montra	showed
fidèle	faithful
images	images
city	city
toys	toys
l’univers	the universe
impitoyable	ruthless
s’apparentait	similar
féerique	fairy
cesser	stop
gueux	tramp
personnage	character
échappé	escaped
lorsque	when
asiatique	asian
guérit	heals
créatures	creatures
celles	those
récemment	recently
enfermées	locked
cercueils	coffins
répara	repaired
douches	showers
cuisines	kitchens
lavé	washed
récuré	scoured
nettoyé	cleaned
offrit	offered
chacun	each
vêtement	garment
année	year
d’enfants	children
riches	rich
n’auront	there will be
aucun	no
ca-	ca-
deau	water
hangar	hangar
iront	go
conçus	designed
150	150
juvéniles	juvenile
eurent	had
fantastique	fantastic
reçurent	received
reine	queen
hybride	hybrid
transfor-	transfor-
mée	mée
fée	fairy
qu’arriva-t-il	that came to pass there
rennes	rennes
quitter	leave
île	island
paradisia-	paradisia-
vacances	holiday
belles	beautiful
finies	finished
fallut	took
tenir	take
compte	account
troupes	troops
proposa	proposed
sociale	social
traduirait	would
mi-temps	half-time
naturellement	naturally
continueraient	continue
bénéficier	benefit
onze	eleven
mois	months
congés	leave
annuels	annual
pondit	replied
œuf	egg
supplémentaire	additional
précédent	previous
œuf-là	egg-there
distinguait	distinguished
sens	meaning
revêtu	coated
coquille	shell
habi-	habi-
tuellement	at this moment
colorée	colorful
pigments	pigments
base	base
sels	salts
minéraux	minerals
constituée	incorporated
poussières	dust
accoucha	gave birth to
or	gold
retour	return
village	village
co-	co-
cotte	cotte
acquit	acquired
statut	status
œufs	eggs
devint	became
sauvé	saved
lequel	which
rappelons-le	remember-the
illustre	shows
courage	courage
taille	size
seraient	would be
l’avenir	the future
chocolat	chocolate
mangeait	ate
faim	hunger
l’avait	had
quittée	left
pensèrent	thought
absorber	absorb
devenue	become
l’espace	the space
grenouille	frog
voulait	wanted
grosse	big
bœuf	beef
explosé	exploded
éclore	hatch
maintenu	maintained
nounours	teddy bear
l’éclosion	the outbreak
déroulée	place
surpris	surprised
apparaî-	will-
tre	tre
poussin	chick
fouettard	black peter from the scene
os	os
concéda	granted
folie	madness
avalé	swallowed
jars	jars
fanfaron	hector
dispute	dispute
longuement	long
espéré	hoped
croupion	rump
lorsqu’elle	when it
subsistait	remained
amant	lover
paniqué	panicked
coq	cock
l’humain	the human
151	151
quoiqu’il	even though it
fût	was
ravi	ravi
originelle	original
moins	less
saurait	not
éventuel	possible
disait	said
fessées	spanking
gâtez	spoil
méchants	wicked
créez	create
monstres	monsters
seront	will be
graines	seeds
d’arlequins	of harlequin
prudence	caution
sévérité	severity
gages	gages
malgré	despite
gentillesse	kindness
mauvais	bad
caractère	character
brisa	broke
coquilles	shells
d’œuf	egg
s’assurer	ensure
renaîtrait	renaîtrait
oiseau	bird
malheur	woe
casse	case
diras	say
l’on	we
d’omelette	omelette
cas-	case-
ser	ser
objecta	objected
calma	calma
vite	fast
renfermaient	contained
magnifiques	beautiful
poussins	chicks
vivants	living
piaillaient	piaillaient
cherchaient	looking
mère	mother
finissait	finished
s’adressant	addressing
voudra	want to
finie	finished
s’évapora	vanished
doucement…	gently...
153	153
