chapitre	chapter
i	i
–	-
le	the
grand-père	grand-father
arie	arie
ressentait	felt
la	the
fatigue	fatigue
et	and
ne	do
se	is
sentait	felt
plus	more
force	force
d’attendre	wait
père	father
noël	christmas
elle	it
avait	had
bien	well
mangé	ate
trop	too
même	even
croyait	believed
que	that
son	its
ventre	belly
allait	would
éclater	burst
telle-	such-
ment	ment
englouti	engulfed
de	of
gâteaux	cakes
à	to
chantilly	chantilly
pour	for
oublier	forget
dinde	turkey
aux	the
marrons	brown
pourquoi	why
papa	dad
veut-il	does he want to
toujours	always
je	I
mange	eat
viande	meat
c’est	it is
dégoûtant	disgusting
manger	eat
nos	our
amis	friends
les	the
animaux	animals
pensait-elle	she thought
regarda	looked at
ours	bear
sa	its
poule	hen
en	in
peluche	plush
chérissait	cherished
ses	its
dormait	slept
avec	with
eux	them
possible	possible
détestait	hated
aussi	also
lors-	when-
maman	mom
criait	shouted
il	it
faut	must
nettoyer	clean
tes	your
nounours	teddy bear
cocotte	casserole
n’aimait	never liked
pas	not
être	be
lavée	washed
perdait	lost
toutes	all
plumes	feathers
peau	skin
trouait	pulsed
heureusement	fortunately
y	there
nicolas	nicolas
prenait	took
sur	on
genoux	knees
lui	him
caressait	caressed
che-	che-
veux	want to
était	was
gentil	nice
savait	knew
expliquer	explain
quantité	quantity
choses	things
par	by
exemple	example
vivait	lived
très	very
haut	top
dans	in
ciel	sky
maison	home
un	a
cumulonimbus	cumulonimbus
comme	as
nuages	clouds
bou-	bou-
geaient	geaient
tout	all
temps	time
pouvait	could
avoir	have
d’habitation	housing
fixe	fixed
Était-ce	Was it
vrai	true
marie	mary
écrit	written
au	the
cependant	however
annoncé	announced
si	if
désirait	wanted
une	a
réponse	response
fallait	had to
qu’elle	it
donne	gives
lettre	letter
ainsi	as well
l’avait	had
postée	posted
puis	then
quelques	a few
jours	days
tard	later
pris	taken
avion	aircraft
s’était	had
rendu	rendering
sommet	summit
du	the
aperçu	overview
ils	they
s’étaient	had
adressé	sent
parole	word
ensuite	then
après	after
fait	fact
grosse	big
bise	bise
joue	plays
vieil	old
homme	man
obtenu	obtained
colis	package
espérait	hoped
recevoir	receive
bientôt	soon
rencontrerait-elle	would it
bâilla	yawned
fort	fort
faisait	was
mal	evil
n’arrivait	there was
respirer	breathe
j’ai	I
sommeil	sleep
peux	can
aller	go
me	me
coucher	bedroom
fit	fit
caresse	caress
mais	but
on	it
aurait	would
dit	said
entendue	heard
m	m
-	-
10	10
adultes	adults
vivaient	lived
entre	between
étaient	were
grands	great
encombrants	bulky
pleins	full
rides	wrinkles
discutaient	discussing
tas	heap
l’on	we
comprendre	understand
quand	when
connaître	know
mots	words
c’était	it was
sens	meaning
déchiffrait	deciphered
ce	this
soir-là	evening
criaient	screaming
tous	all
ensemble	all
chacun	each
conversait	was conversing
personne	person
n’écoutait	not listened to
l’autre	the other
monde	world
malin	malin
pensait	thought
beau	beautiful
intelligent	smart
là	there
disait	said
encore	yet
taisez-vous	shut up, you
dieu	god
parle	speaks
voyait	saw
quel	what
voulait	wanted
parler	talk
prêtait	lent
l’oreille	the ear
divers	various
bruits	noise
n’entendait	did
mon	my
entend	means
voix	voice
moi	me
n’entends	do not hear
rien	nothing
passait	passed
des	of
heures	hours
toilettes	toilet
magicienne	magician
sans	without
doute	doubt
matin	morning
bondissait	jumped
lit	bed
fon-	fon-
çait	çait
lavabo	sink
cheveux	hair
yeux	eyes
noirs	black
caca	poo
médor	sweety
blanche	white
cela	this
res-	res-
semblait	seemed
farine	flour
longtemps	for a long time
sortait	out
reconnaître	recognize
alors	then
automate	plc
lan-	lan-
tu	you
es	es
splendide	splendid
ma	my
chérie	sweetheart
comprenait	included
trouve	find
délicieuse	delicious
parce	because
recouverte	covered
d’un	a
onguent	ointment
gluant	sticky
rouge	red
expliqué	explained
vois	see
femmes	women
font	do
est	is
douce	soft
rajeunit	rejuvenates
disparaissent	disappear
beurk	yuck
lâchait	let go
texte	text
crème	cream
magique	magic
graisse	fat
dindon-	turkey-
neau	neau
cochonnet	pig
entendait	heard
seigneur	lord
puissant	powerful
peu	little
folle	crazy
À	To
côté	side
mamie	grandma
pauvres	poor
usés	worn
depuis	since
puisqu’ils	since they
agriculteurs	farmers
nom-	name-
breuses	many
générations	generations
momifiée	mummified
tellement	so
vieille	old
cassée	broken
lourds	heavy
fardeaux	burdens
vie	life
n’osait	did not dare to
vraiment	really
dire	say
peur	fear
gentille	nice
rester	stay
bouger	move
mâchouiller	chew
morceau	song
pain	bread
trois	three
dents	teeth
souvent	often
deman-	deman-
dait	dait
comment	how
vas-tu	are you going to
qui	that
hurlait	screaming
question	question
presque	almost
identique	the same
chaque	each
fois	time
11	11
pendant	during
montait	rose
marches	steps
minou	kitty
petit	small
chat	cat
l’observait	the observed
louchant	squinting
gros	wholesale
ronds	round
oui	yes
rendormait	asleep again
gardant	keeping
ouverts	open
proférait	speaking great things
atten-	atten-
tif	tif
regardait	watched
souriait	smiling
hochait	swung
tête	head
grignotait	eroded
lorsqu’il	when it
refusait	refused
n’était	there was
jalouse	jealous
pouvaient	could
faire	do
qu’ils	they
souhaitaient	wanted
petits	small
puisque	since
l’écoutait	listened to it
alla	alla
pipi	pee
ramassa	picked up
livre	book
enfant	child
deux	two
pelu-	pelu-
che	che
vint	came
vers	to
énorme	huge
gueule	mouth
mauvais	bad
gratté	scratched
terre	earth
sous	under
chêne	oak
poursuite	further
rat	rat
champs	fields
en-	in-
droit	right
certaine	some
mulot	mulot
parti	party
devrais	should
te	te
laver	wash
toi	you
n’est	there is
bon	good
ton	your
haleine	breath
chien	dog
tenta	tried
lécher	lick
longue	long
langue	language
baveuse	slobbering
morceaux	pieces
pendaient	hung
bave	drool
sombre	dark
mous-	soft-
seuse	seuse
oh	oh
Ça	It
va	will
panier	basket
n’es	no es
sage	wise
repoussa	pushed
petites	small
mains	hands
bébé	baby
toutou	doggie
désemparé	distraught
tourna	turned
battit	beat
queue	tail
bête	beast
devait	should
grimper	climb
l’escalier	the stairs
atteindre	reach
chambre	room
dur	hard
car	because
interminable	endless
étaient-elles	were they
grandes	large
cognait	bumped
tibias	shins
bords	edges
nombreux	many
bleus	blue
violets	purple
rampe	ramp
tirer	shoot
bras	arm
laissent	leave
traîner	hanging out
sont	are
fainéants	loafers
escalade	climbing
dangereuse	dangerous
déboucha	led
palier	bearing
premier	first
étage	floor
resté	stayed
bas	the bottom
rejoindre	join
12	12
rond	round
touchait	touched
sol	soil
présent	this
rêvait	dreamed
dormir	sleep
chaud	hot
tendrement	tenderly
aimé	loved
ronronnait	hummed
faisant	making
vibrer	vibrate
corps	body
petite	small
fille	girl
gâtée	spoiled
extrêmement	extremely
rare	rare
jouait	played
ranger	ranger
affaires	business
cham-	cham-
bre	bre
ordonnée	ordered
pourras	can
ta	your
compris	including
soignée	neat
bruit	noise
bouche	mouth
crier	shout
jardin	garden
derrière	behind
talus	slope
branches	branches
hurler	scream
donner	give
elle-	it-
fessées	spanking
manquaient	missing
s’envoler	fly
oiseaux	birds
gâter	spoil
enfants	children
beaucoup	a lot
d’autres	other
n’avaient	had
faisaient	were
rassurer	reassure
préféré	favorite
parlent	speak
plutôt	rather
dédouanent	clearing
jouets	toys
inutiles	useless
jouer	play
rendre	make
heureux	happy
parents	parents
dois	do
vieillir	age
contient	contains
image	image
ressemble	looks like
léa	leah
meilleure	best
copine	girlfriend
classe	class
voit	see
joli	nice
garçon	boy
dirait	looks like
vérénis	vérénis
amoureuses	love
chanceux	lucky
spacieux	spacious
immense	huge
d’enfants	children
école	school
réalité	reality
magnifique	beautiful
frère	brother
sœur	sister
soient	are
entiers	whole
chance	chance
normal	normal
justifié	justified
d’après	after
nostalgie	nostalgia
l’intérieur	inside
trouvait	was
histoire	history
drôle	funny
triste	sad
tandis	while
larmes	tears
chaudes	hot
coulaient	flowed
joues	cheeks
parlait	spoke
gar-	gar-
çon	lesson
penser	think
piedefer	piedefer
amoureuse	love
d’origine	original
13	13
péruvienne	peruvian
n’avait	had
pauvre	poor
chambrette	small bedroom
bonne	good
soir	evening
salle	room
d’eau	water
minuscule	tiny
matelas	mattress
tortue	turtle
casper	casper
riche	rich
d’une	a
beauté	beauty
unique	single
celle	the
soleil	sun
qu’il	it
tenait	held
près	near
d’elle	it
cœur	heart
brûlait	burned
braise	ember
rougissait	rougissait
maintes	many
reprises	times
notamment	in particular
amie	friend
terdebocage	terdebocage
l’un	one
venaient	came
l’école	the school
semaine	week
déjà	already
Étaient-ils	Were they
malades	sick
ouille	ouch
manque	lack
nouveau	new
rougis	blush
piquaient	itching
mit	mit
pyjama	pajamas
plia	folded
vêtements	clothing
avant	before
déposer	file
soigneuse-	careful-
pouf	pouf
dodo	dodo
déplu-	dislike-
mée	mée
vas	vas
tiroir	drawer
commode	convenient
laisserai	let
ouverte	open
noir	black
cirage	waxing
lune	moon
couchée	lying
épuisée	exhausted
certainement	certainly
tour	tour
autour	around
neige	snow
tombait	fell
recouvrait	covered
manteau	coat
épais	thick
éteignit	died
veilleuse	pilot
s’endormit	fell asleep
draps	sheets
soudain	suddenly
sentit	felt
quelque	some
chose	thing
caresser	caress
pieds	feet
boule	ball
remontait	back
jusqu’à	up to
hum	hum
gémit-elle	she moaned
viens	just
vais	'll
tenir	take
lumière	light
tamisée	sifted
éclaira	lit
parvint	managed
ce-	this-
déceler	detect
faibles	low
rayons	ray
légèrement	slightly
tissu	fabric
laine	wool
redressa	straightened
oreiller	pillow
papy	grandpa
attrapa	caught
chaise	chair
bois	wood
face	in the face of
bureau	office
plaça	plaça
devant	before
voulais	wanted
dormes	dormes
désirais	wanted
seul	only
nous	we
déranger	disturb
ah	ah
déposa	filed
objet	object
respectable	respectable
ma-	my-
rie	ry
demandant	asking
s’il	if it
s’agissait	was
qu’est-ce	what is this
14	14
non	not
répondit-il	he replied
riant	laughing
grand	great
message	message
verbal	verbal
m’a	me
cadeau	gift
obligée	forced
l’ouvrir	the open
maintenant	now
souriant	smiling
barbe	beard
toute	any
arrivait	arrived
jusqu’au	until the
portait	wore
bonnet	bonnet
gris	grey
cacher	hide
tombants	drop-offs
quittait	left
jamais	never
large	wide
peignoir	bathrobe
touffu	bushy
grisâtre	greyish
pu	could
confondre	confused
bon-	good-
demandé	asked
étais	was
exceptionnelle	outstanding
confié	entrusted
spécial	special
outre	in addition to
conseillé	recommended
goûter	taste
sucre	sugar
d’orge	barley
bonbon	candy
arrière-goût	aftertaste
étrange	strange
eni-	eni-
vrant	vrant
as-tu	have you
rencontré	met
ange	angel
avons	have
parlé	spoken
posté	posted
revenais	came back
voyage	travel
venu	come
retrouver	find
l’avion	the airplane
afin	in order
remettre	back
cette	this
toile	canvas
auras	auras
soucis	worries
n’auras	there will
qu’à	as
regarder	watch
tableau	table
t’endormir	going to sleep
merveilleux	wonderful
lequel	which
humains	human
vieillissent	age
année	year
jour	day
n’ai	haven
d’autre	on the other
déçue	disappointed
observa	watched
défaisait	undone
protection	protection
papier	paper
saisit	captures
délicate-	delicate-
au-dessus	above
lieu	place
place	place
précédent	previous
œuvre	work
émanait	emanated
odeur	smell
épices	spices
attentivement	carefully
a	has
été	been
peint	painted
peinture	painting
seras	will be
fatiguée	tired
éteindras	éteindras
reparlerons	will talk about it
demain	tomorrow
racontes	talking about
m’endorme	fall asleep
accepta	accepted
caressa	stroked
nuit	night
fais	do
beaux	beautiful
rêves	dreams
quoi	what
arrive	happens
sa-	sa-
t’aime	love you
dit-il	he said
quitter	leave
pièce	room
15	15
