harry	harry
potter	potter
chambre	room
secrets	secrets
rowling	rowling
traduit	translated
l'anglais	English
jean-françois	jean-françois
menard	menard
pour	for
scan	scan
harris	harris
spécialiste	specialist
départ	starting
chapeaux	hats
roues	wheels
mauvais	bad
temps	time
trÈs	very
anniversaire	anniversary
n'était	there was
première	first
fois	time
qu'une	a
dispute	dispute
éclatait	broke out
petit	small
déjeuner	breakfast
dans	in
maison	home
privet	privet
drive	drive
vernon	vernon
dursley	dursley
avait	had
réveillé	woke up
l'aube	dawn
hululement	howling
sonore	sound
provenait	came
neveu	nephew
c'est	it is
troisième	third
cette	this
semaine	week
hurlait-il	screaming-it
n'es	no es
capable	able
surveiller	monitor
chouette	owl
faudra	will
qu'elle	it
s'en	in
aille	go
tenta	tried
plus	more
d'expliquer	to explain
passait	passed
elle	it
s'ennuie	bored
dit-il	he said
l'habitude	the usual
d'aller	go
voler	fly
partout	everywhere
pouvais	could
moins	less
laisser	let
sortir	out
nuit	night
prends	take
imbécile	fool
ricana	o
l'oncle	uncle
morceau	song
jaune	yellow
d'œuf	egg
accroché	hung
grosse	big
moustache	mustache
touffue	bushy
sais	know
bien	well
arrivera	will
laisse	leaves
échangea	exchanged
regard	look
sombre	dark
avec	with
pétunia	petunia
épouse	wife
essaya	tried
répondre	reply
quelque	some
chose	thing
mais	but
bruyant	noisy
prolongé	extended
étouffa	choked
paroles	lyrics
c'était	it was
dudley	dudley
fils	son
veux	want to
encore	yet
lard	bacon
celui-ci	it
poêle	stove
trésor	treasure
adoré	loved
tante	aunt
tournant	turning
embué	fogged
vers	to
énorme	huge
faut	must
qu'on	we
donne	gives
manger	eat
pendant	during
qu'il	it
cantine	canteen
collège	college
rien	nothing
vaille	worth
allons	will
absurde	absurd
n'ai	haven
jamais	never
souffert	suffered
faim	hunger
quand	when
moi-même	myself
j'étais	I was
smeltings	smeltings
d'un	a
convaincu	convinced
assez	enough
là-bas	there
n'est-	is-
fiston	son
était	was
gras	fat
derrière	behind
débordait	overflowed
chaque	each
côté	side
chaise	chair
sourire	smile
tourna	turned
passe-moi	pass me
oublié	forgot
prononcer	pronounce
magique	magic
répliqua	replied
mauvaise	bad
humeur	mood
simple	simple
phrase	sentence
produisit	produced
effet	effect
stupéfiant	amazing
reste	rest
famille	family
poussa	pushed
étouffé	choked
tomba	fell
grand	great
fracas	crash
ébranla	shook
toute	any
cuisine	kitchen
laissa	let
échapper	escape
plaqua	wood, and overlaid
mains	hands
contre	against
bouche	mouth
quant	as
leva	rose
bond	bond
veines	veins
tempes	temples
battant	flying
sous	under
l'effet	the effect
fureur	fury
voulais	wanted
simplement	simply
dire	say
s'il	if it
plaît	please
précisa	said
précipité	precipitated
pensais	thought
tout	all
qu'est-ce	what is this
t'ai	you've
tempêta	tempêta
oncle	uncle
projetant	projecting
table	table
nuage	cloud
postillons	talking to them
prononce	pronounced
comment	how
as-tu	have you
avoir	have
l'audace	the audacity
menacer	threaten
rugit	roars
martelant	pounding
poing	fist
j'ai	I
t'avais	you had
prÉvenu	warned
j'interdis	I wouldn't
fasse	do
allusion	hint
anormalitÉ	abnormality
toit	roof
regarda	looked at
tour	tour
visage	face
violacé	purple
celui	the
devenue	become
livide	livid
gestes	gestures
tremblants	trembling
s'efforça	tried
d'aider	help
relever	meet
d'accord	agreement
rassit	stales
soufflant	blowing
comme	as
rhinocéros	rhino
prêt	loan
charger	load
surveilla	supervised
attentivement	carefully
coin	corner
petits	small
yeux	eyes
perçants	piercing
depuis	since
revenu	income
vacances	holiday
d'été	summer
l'avait	had
traité	treaty
bombe	bomb
point	point
d'exploser	explode
garçon	boy
normal	normal
même	even
difficile	difficult
d'être	to be
aussi	also
sorcier	sorcerer
venait	came
terminer	finish
année	year
d'études	studies
poudlard	hogwarts
l'école	the school
sorcellerie	witchcraft
n'étaient	there were
très	very
heureux	happy
revoir	review
leur	their
infortune	misfortune
comparée	compared
celle	the
manquait	missing
tellement	so
l'impression	printing
ressentir	feel
permanence	permanently
douleur	pain
ventre	belly
château	castle
passages	passages
fantômes	ghosts
cours	during
sauf	except
peut-être	maybe
rogue	rogue
maître	master
potions	potions
courrier	mail
apporté	brought
hiboux	owls
banquets	banquets
grande	great
salle	room
nuits	nights
baldaquin	canopy
dortoir	dormitory
visites	visits
hagrid	hagrid
garde-chasse	gamekeeper
habitait	lived
cabane	hut
lisière	edge
forêt	forest
interdite	prohibited
surtout	especially
quidditch	quidditch
sport	sport
populaire	popular
monde	world
sorciers	wizards
buts	goals
quatre	four
balles	balls
volantes	flying
quatorze	fourteen
joueurs	players
évoluant	evolving
manches	short
balai	broom
rentré	back
s'était	had
empressé	quick
ranger	ranger
placard	closet
l'escalier	the stairs
livres	books
magie	magic
robes	dresses
chaudron	cauldron
baguette	wand
haut	top
gamme	range
nimbus	nimbus
2000	2000
importait	importance
manque	lack
d'entraînement	training
perdre	lose
place	place
d'attrapeur	of monkey net
l'équipe	the team
puisse	can
faire	do
devoirs	duties
étaient	were
appellent	call
moldus	muggle
c'est-à-dire	that is to say,
gens	people
n'ont	have
moindre	less
goutte	drop
sang	blood
représentait	represented
honte	shame
infamante	infamous
exigé	required
cage	cage
d'hedwige	of hedwig
soit	either
cadenassée	locked
l'empêcher	prevent
porter	wear
message	message
ressemblait	looked like
noire	black
quasiment	almost
chevalin	equine
silhouette	silhouette
osseuse	bone
blond	blond
rosé	rosé
porc	pork
contraire	contrary
maigre	lean
grands	great
verts	green
étincelants	sparkling
cheveux	hair
noir	black
jais	jet
n'arrivait	there was
coiffer	hair
portait	wore
lunettes	glasses
rondes	round
mince	thin
cicatrice	scar
forme	form
d'éclair	flash
marquait	marked
front	front
faisait	was
être	be
exceptionnel	exceptional
seule	only
trace	trace
passé	past
mystérieux	mysterious
éclair	flash
valu	earned
retrouver	find
perron	perron
onze	eleven
auparavant	previously
alors	then
qu'un	a
bébé	baby
l'âge	the age
réussi	successful
survivre	survive
terrible	terrible
maléfice	hex
lancé	launched
mage	mage
redoutable	formidable
tous	all
lord	lord
voldemort	voldemort
dont	which
restait	remained
effrayant	scary
plupart	most
sorcières	witches
n'osaient	durst
parents	parents
avaient	had
succombé	died
l'attaque	the attack
survécu	survived
seul	only
souvenir	remember
mystère	mystery
personne	person
parvenu	managed
éclaircir	clarify
pouvoirs	powers
détruits	destroyed
l'instant	the moment
tenté	tried
sans	without
succès	success
tuer	kill
ainsi	as well
élevé	high
sœur	sister
mère	mother
disparue	missing
mari	husband
chez	in
croyant	believing
qu'ils	they
s'étaient	had
tués	killed
accident	accident
voiture	car
comprendre	understand
pourquoi	why
vouloir	want to
provoquait	caused
toujours	always
d'étranges	strange
phénomènes	phenomena
autour	around
enfin	finally
exactement	exactly
écrit	written
lettre	letter
vérité	truth
révélée	revealed
pris	taken
déjà	already
célèbres	famous
présent	this
l'année	the year
scolaire	school
terminée	complete
passer	pass
l'été	the summer
recommencé	again
traiter	treat
chien	dog
aurait	would
traîné	dragged
lieu	place
malodorant	smelly
souvenaient	remember
qu'aujourd'hui	today
jour	day
douzième	twelfth
attendu	expected
merveilles	wonders
offert	offered
véritable	true
cadeau	gift
gâteau	cake
l'oublier	forget
complètement	completely
instant	now
s'éclaircit	clears up
gorge	throat
grave	serious
vous	you
savez	know
aujourd'hui	today
particulièrement	particularly
important	important
tête	head
osait	dare
peine	penalty
croire	believe
oreilles	ears
conclurai	will conclude
belle	beautiful
affaire	case
carrière	career
recommença	again
toast	toast
pensa-t-il	he thought
amertume	bitterness
parlait	spoke
dîner	dinner
idiot	idiot
devait	should
soir	evening
quinze	fifteen
jours	days
riche	rich
promoteur	promoter
immobilier	real estate
femme	woman
devaient	had to
venir	come
espérait	hoped
décrocher	win
commande	command
l'entreprise	the company
dirigeait	led
fabriquait	manufactured
perceuse	drill
sorte	so
d'appareils	devices
trous	holes
crois	believe
nous	we
ferions	would
programme	program
devrons	will have to
postes	posts
huit	eight
heures	hours
précises	accurate
seras	will be
salon	living room
répondit	replied
aussitôt	as soon
prête	ready
recevoir	receive
invités	guests
distinction	distinction
s'impose	is required
j'attendrai	I will wait for you
près	near
porte	door
ouvrir	open
auront	will
sonné	sounded
ajouta	added
d'une	a
voix	voice
fausse	false
maniérée	mannered
puis-je	can I
permettre	allow
débarrasser	rid
manteaux	coats
mason	mason
vont	go
l'adorer	love it
s'exclama	exclaimed
ravissement	rapture
excellent	excellent
approuva	approved
resterai	will stay
silence	silence
ferai	will
semblant	pretend
monocorde	monotonous
conduirai	will
présenterai	present
servirai	serve
l'apéritif	the aperitif
j'annoncerai	I will announce
servi	served
diras	say
accompagner	accompany
jusqu'à	up to
offrant	offering
bras	arm
grassouillet	chubby
dame	lady
invisible	invisible
parfait	perfect
gentleman	gentleman
émotion	emotion
méchante	nasty
sombrement	darkly
maintenant	now
devrions	should
préparer	prepare
quelques	a few
compliments	compliments
servir	serve
idée	idea
étiez	were
joueur	player
golf	golf
donc	so
avez-vous	have you
trouvé	found
robe	dress
merveilleusement	wonderfully
élégante	elegant
pourrais	could
rédaction	drafting
notre	our
héros	hero
préféré	favorite
choisi	chosen
c'en	it
trop	too
fondit	burst
larmes	tears
serrant	tightening
tandis	while
plongeait	dove
cacher	hide
rire	laugh
redressa	straightened
s'efforçant	striving
sérieux	serious
compte	account
lança	launched
forte	strong
connaissent	know
existence	existence
lorsque	when
aurons	will
fini	finished
retourneras	will return
j'orienterai	I orienterai
conversation	conversation
perceuses	drills
chance	chance
j'aurai	I will have
conclu	concluded
marché	market
avant	before
dernier	last
journal	journal
heure	time
demain	tomorrow
matin	morning
occuperons	'll take care of it
d'acheter	buy
villa	villa
majorque	mallorca
n'avait	had
d'enthousiasmant	exciting
seraient	would be
contents	happy
voir	see
qu'à	as
vais	'll
ville	city
chercher	search
vestes	jackets
smoking	tuxedo
lança-t-il	"he shouted,
t'avise	you shall notify
déranger	disturb
fait	fact
ménage	household
sortit	went out
ciel	sky
clair	clear
soleil	sun
éblouissant	dazzling
traversa	crossed
pelouse	lawn
tomber	fall
banc	bench
jardin	garden
chanta	sang
mi-voix	mi-voice
joyeux	happy
cher	dear
cartes	cards
vœux	best wishes
cadeaux	gifts
fallait	had to
passe	pass
soirée	evening
exister	exist
contempla	stared at
haie	hedge
abattu	shot
senti	felt
amis	friends
weasley	weasley
hermione	hermione
granger	granger
manquaient	missing
matches	matches
semblait	seemed
manquer	miss
l'un	one
l'autre	the other
promis	promised
l'inviter	the invite
souvent	often
songé	thought
servant	serving
formule	formula
l'envoyer	send
risque	risk
débutants	beginners
n'avaient	had
droit	right
recourir	use
dehors	outside
territoire	territory
n'en	do
terreur	terror
changés	changed
scarabées	beetles
retenait	held
l'enfermer	the lock
rangés	stored
derniers	last
amusé	amused
marmonner	mumble
mots	words
suite	suite
regardant	looking at
s'enfuir	escape
vite	fast
pouvaient	could
grosses	large
jambes	legs
dodues	plump
long	long
d'hermione	of hermione
coupé	cut
perdu	lost
goût	taste
farces	pranks
couronner	top
n'aurait-il	would it
donné	given
n'importe	any
sorcière	witch
content	content
vieil	old
ennemi	enemy
drago	drago
malefoy	malfoy
s'assurer	ensure
vécu	lived
rêve	dream
passée	past
bout	end
partie	part
plaisir	fun
trimestre	quarter
retrouvé	found
face	in the face of
l'ombre	the shadow
délabrée	dilapidated
lui-même	himself
montré	shown
terrifiant	terrifying
retors	devious
déterminé	determined
pouvoir	power
deuxième	second
échappé	escaped
griffes	claws
tiré	shot
d'extrême	extreme
justesse	accuracy
semaines	weeks
tard	later
arrivait	arrived
réveiller	wake up
milieu	middle
ruisselant	dripping
sueur	sweat
froide	cold
demandant	asking
trouvait	was
hanté	haunted
démesurés	supersize
brillait	shone
lueur	glow
démente	insane
soudain	suddenly
regardait	watched
absent	absent
s'aperçut	saw
deux	two
énormes	huge
venaient	came
d'apparaître	to appear
feuillage	foliage
moment	time
moqueuse	mocking
retentit	sounds
quel	what
chantonna	crooned
s'avançait	advanced
dandinant	waddling
disparurent	disappeared
quoi	what
cesser	stop
fixer	fix
répéta	repeated
s'arrêtant	stopping
devant	before
bravo	bravo
apprendre	learn
méprisant	despising
n'aies	hast
reçu	received
aucune	no
carte	card
n'as	did
d'amis	friends
école	school
zigotos	guys
vaudrait	would
mieux	better
t'entende	you hear
parler	talk
froidement	coldly
remonta	came up
pantalon	pants
glissait	glided
gros	wholesale
regardes	look at
demanda-t-il	he asked
soupçonneux	suspicious
suis	am
train	train
demander	ask
quelle	what
serait	would be
meilleure	best
mettre	put
recula	backed
trébuchant	stumbling
déformé	distorted
papa	dad
devais	had to
sinon	otherwise
chassera	chase
sauras	'll know
aller	go
aucun	no
s'occuper	care
abracadabra	abracadabra
féroce	fierce
trousse-mousse	kit-foam
bave	drool
crapaud	toad
mamaaaaan	mamaaaaan
hurla	screamed
précipitant	precipitating
titubant	staggering
farce	stuffing
coûta	cost
subi	suffered
dommage	damage
véritablement	truly
évita	evita
couverte	covered
mousse	foam
tenait	held
main	hand
abattre	shoot down
donna	donna
travail	work
promettant	promising
n'aurait	would
tant	as
terminé	finished
dandinait	bobbing
léchant	licking
glaces	ice
nettoyer	clean
carreaux	tiles
laver	wash
tondre	mow
tailler	cut
arroser	water
rosiers	roses
massifs	massive
fleurs	flowers
repeindre	repaint
brûlant	burning
tapait	typed
nuque	neck
savait	knew
provocation	provocation
touché	hit
juste	just
devinant	guessing
pensées	thoughts
n'avait-il	had he
s'ils	if they
voyaient	saw
célèbre	famous
amèrement	bitterly
répandait	spread
l'engrais	the fertilizer
douloureux	painful
sept	seven
demie	half
épuisé	exhausted
entendit	heard
l'appelait	the called
viens	just
fais	do
attention	attention
marche	walking
journaux	newspapers
réfugia	refuge
soulagement	relief
étincelante	sparkling
réfrigérateur	refrigerator
posé	asked
dessert	dessert
montagne	mountain
crème	cream
fouettée	whipped
parsemée	dotted
violettes	purple
sucre	sugar
gigot	leg
cuisait	cooked
four	oven
grésillement	sizzling
prometteur	promising
dépêche-toi	hurry
tarder	delay
sèchement	curtly
montrant	showing
tranches	slices
pain	bread
fromage	cheese
longue	long
couleur	color
saumon	salmon
lava	lava
avala	swallowed
pitoyable	pitiful
s'empressa	hastened
d'ôter	remove
assiette	plate
allez	go
ordonna-t-elle	ordered it
lorsqu'il	when it
passa	spent
aperçut	saw
vêtus	dressed
nœuds	nodes
papillon	butterfly
pied	foot
palier	bearing
premier	first
étage	floor
sonnerie	ringtone
d'entrée	input
furieux	furious
apparut	appeared
souviens-toi	remember
bruit	noise
rejoignit	joined
pointe	tip
pieds	feet
glissa	slipped
l'intérieur	inside
referma	closed
dirigea	led
l'ennui	boredom
quelqu'un	someone
assis	sitting
l'avertissement	the warning
dobby	dobby
retint	retained
pousser	push
fallut	took
petite	small
créature	creature
assise	sitting
grandes	large
semblables	similar
celles	those
chauve-souris	bat
globuleux	globose
taille	size
balle	ball
tennis	tennis
comprit	understood
c'étaient	it was
yeux-là	eyes-there
l'avaient	had
observé	observed
cachés	hidden
restaient	remained
s'observer	observe
hall	hall
glisser	drag
s'inclina	bowed
toucha	touched
tapis	carpet
remarqua	noticed
vêtue	dressed
espèce	species
taie	pillowcase
d'oreiller	pillow
laquelle	which
découpé	cut
bonjour	hello
l'aise	comfortable
aiguë	acute
sûrement	surely
entendre	hear
monsieur	mr.
longtemps	for a long time
rêvait	dreamed
votre	your
connaissance	knowledge
honneur	honor
merci	thank you
longeant	along
bureau	office
endormie	sleepy
envie	want
êtes	are
peur	fear
impoli	rude
demanda	asked
plutôt	rather
êtes-vous	are you
l'elfe	the elf
vraiment	really
excusez-moi	excuse me
voudrais	would like to
paraître	look
discourtois	discourteous
elfe	elf
faux	false
pointu	sharp
s'éleva	rose
baissa	lowered
enchanté	enchanted
croyez-le	believe-the
d'ajouter	add
demande	request
motif	pattern
présence	presence
voilà	this is
gravité	gravity
venu	come
commencer	start
asseyez-vous	sit
poliment	politely
horrifié	horrified
éclater	burst
sanglots	sobs
bruyants	noisy
gémit	moans
provenance	from
troublées	troubled
désolé	sorry
murmura-t-il	he murmured
offenser	offend
sanglota	sanglota
demandé	asked
s'asseoir	sit
égal	equal
l'inciter	encourage
réconforter	comfort
asseoir	sit
resta	remained
hoqueter	hoqueter
l'air	the air
poupée	doll
repoussante	repulsive
laideur	ugliness
parvint	managed
calmer	calm down
fixa	fixa
humides	wet
expression	expression
d'adoration	worship
fréquentez	attend
doivent	must
aimables	kind
plaisanta	jokingly
espérant	hoping
l'égayer	brighten it up
hocha	hocha
puis	then
prévenir	prevent
cogna	knocked
violemment	violently
fenêtre	window
criant	screaming
méchant	nasty
arrêtez	stop
faites	do
chuchota	whispered
ramener	bring
hedwige	hedwig
réveillée	woke up
poussant	pushing
perçant	piercing
battait	beat
frénétiquement	frantically
ailes	wings
barreaux	bars
punisse	punish
loucher	squint
légèrement	slightly
failli	bankrupt
service	service
doit	must
savent	know
curiosité	curiosity
frissonna	shivered
devoir	duty
punir	punish
sévèrement	severely
devra	should
pincer	pinch
pareille	such
l'apprenaient	the learned
apercevoir	see
pincez	pinch
doute	doubt
laissent	leave
soin	care
occuper	care
parfois	sometimes
rappellent	recall
s'infliger	inflicting
punitions	punishment
supplémentaires	additional
n'essayez-vous	do not try-you
enfuir	away
liberté	freedom
affranchi	free
maîtres	masters
permettra	will
libre	free
mort	death
ronds	round
triste	sad
sort	fate
d'avoir	to have
presque	almost
humain	human
peut	can
aider	help
peux	can
regretta	regret
parlé	spoken
nouveau	new
répandit	spread
gémissements	moans
gratitude	gratitude
murmura	whispered
précipitamment	hurriedly
prie	pray
taisez-vous	shut up, you
entendent	hear
s'aperçoivent	see
entendu	heard
grandeur	size
générosité	generosity
n'est	there is
tissu	fabric
bêtises	nonsense
sentait	felt
joues	cheeks
n'étais	there was
classe	class
s'interrompit	if interrupted
penser	think
humble	humble
modeste	modest
révérencieux	reverential
exorbités	bulging
brillant	brilliant
d'émotion	emotion
parle	speaks
victoire	victory
triomphante	triumphant
celui-dont-le-nom-	he-who-the-name-
ne-doit-pas-Être-prononcé	do-must-not-Be-delivered
prononcez	say
gémit-il	moans-it
précipitation	precipitation
beaucoup	a lot
n'aiment	love
l'entendre	hear
exemple	example
pencha	bent
phares	headlights
affronté	faced
seigneur	lord
ténèbres	darkness
rauque	hoarse
signe	sign
brillèrent	flashed
sanglota-t-il	sanglota-t-he
s'essuyant	wiping
crasseuse	grimy
vêtement	garment
vaillant	vaillant
audacieux	bold
bravé	braved
dangers	dangers
protéger	protect
l'avertir	the warn
retourner	return
seulement	only
troublé	troubled
bruits	noise
couteaux	knives
fourchettes	forks
ronronnement	whir
entendait	heard
rez-de-chaussée	ground floor
balbutia	stammered
retourne	returns
rentrée	back to school
septembre	September
m'aide	help me
tenir	take
coup	blow
vivre	live
j'appartiens	I belong
couina	couina
hochant	nodding
fort	fort
battaient	fighting
rester	stay
sécurité	security
généreux	generous
prenne	take
courra	run
danger	danger
mortel	mortal
s'étonna	was surprised
existe	there is
complot	plot
provoquera	will
événements	events
terrifiants	terrifying
mettant	putting
trembler	shake
membres	members
mois	months
courant	current
péril	danger
quels	what
sont	are
l'origine	the original
drôle	funny
s'échappa	escaped
saisissant	entering
l'éloigner	away
pouvez	can
comprends	understand
prenez-vous	do you take
pensée	thought
désagréable	unpleasant
vint	came
l'esprit	the spirit
attendez	wait
est-ce	is this
pardon	forgiveness
vous-savez-qui	you-know-who
répondez-moi	answer me
s'empressa-t-il	eagerly-t-he
voyant	light
s'approchait	approaching
lentement	slowly
cela	this
concerne	for
celui-dont-le-nom-ne-doit-pas-etre-prononcé	he-who-the-name-not-must-not-be-delivered
ouverts	open
essayait	tried
suggérer	suggest
cependant	however
voyait	saw
absolument	absolutely
voulait	wanted
frère	brother
vois	see
d'autre	on the other
provoquer	cause
dumbledore	dumbledore
n'est-ce	is this
albus	albus
directeur	director
sait	knows
rivalisent	compete
ceux	those
celui-	the
dont-on-ne-doit-pas-prononcer-le-nom	which-one-do-must-not-pronounce-the-name
puissance	power
pourtant	yet
transforma	transformed
murmure	whisper
pressant	pressing
digne	worthy
réagir	react
sauta	jumped
attrapa	caught
lampe	lamp
posée	asked
commença	started
donner	give
coups	shots
cris	cree
assourdissants	deafening
cœur	heart
rompre	break
diriger	direct
lançant	launching
télévision	tv
allumée	lit
garnement	boy
penderie	closet
jeta	threw
ensuite	then
poignée	handle
tournait	turned
m'expliquer	explain to me
fabriquer	make
desserrer	loosen
dents	teeth
horrible	horrible
gâcher	spoil
chute	fall
blague	joke
golfeur	golfer
japonais	japanese
regretter	regret
quitta	left
tremblant	tremblant
délivra	free
avez	have
comprenez	understand
endroit	place
n'écrivent	write
sournois	sneaky
j'imagine	I guess
fronçant	frowned
sourcils	eyebrows
savez-vous	do you know
m'ont	I have
tortilla	tortilla
visiblement	obviously
fâcher	angry
voulu	wanted
intercepté	intercepted
lettres	letters
apportées	made
rapide	fast
arrière	rear
hors	out
portée	scope
tira	drew
épaisse	thick
liasse	package
d'enveloppes	envelopes
reconnut	recognized
l'écriture	writing
propre	own
nette	net
désordonnée	disorderly
gribouillis	doodles
anxieux	anxiety
clignant	blinking
colère	anger
pensait	thought
voudrait	would like to
n'écoutait	not listened to
d'arracher	tear
maintenir	maintain
aura	will
condition	condition
parole	word
retournera	return
affrontiez	affrontiez
promettez-moi	promise me
retournerez	return
promettrai	promettrai
rendez-moi	rendez-me
choix	choice
tristesse	sadness
geste	gesture
précipita	rushed
l'ouvrit	the opened
dévala	ran down
sèche	dry
l'estomac	the stomach
noué	knotted
essayant	trying
dernières	last
marches	steps
atterrit	lands
moquette	carpet
souplesse	flexibility
chat	cat
cherchant	seeking
parvenait	could
disait	said
racontez	tell
histoire	history
désopilante	hilarious
plombiers	plumbers
américains	american
connaître	know
arriva	came to pass
crut	believed
chef-d'œuvre	masterpiece
pâtissier	pastry chef
flottait	floated
plafond	ceiling
accroupi	crouching
buffet	buffet
promettre	promise
promettez-le	promise-the
impossible	impossible
désespéré	desperate
agir	act
l'immense	the immense
s'écrasa	crashed
carrelage	tile
épouvantable	terrible
plat	flat
vola	vola
éclats	shards
éclaboussant	splashing
murs	walls
fenêtres	windows
disparut	disappeared
claquement	banging
fouet	whip
retentirent	rang
surgit	arises
trouva	found
figé	frozen
couvert	covered
d'abord	first
sembla	seemed
allait	would
réussir	succeed
minimiser	minimize
l'incident	the incident
perturbé	disturbed
connaît	knows
ramena	brought back
stupéfaits	stunned
promit	promised
l'écorcher	skinning
partis	parties
serpillière	mop
dénicha	unearthed
glace	ice
congélateur	freezer
choc	shock
entreprit	undertook
conclure	to conclude
d'offrir	offer
chocolats	chocolates
menthe	mint
lorsqu'une	when a
s'engouffra	rushed
ressortit	came out of it
hurlement	howl
fous	crazy
préciser	specify
bleue	blue
oiseaux	birds
toutes	all
formes	forms
tailles	sizes
conception	design
l'humour	humor
appuyé	supported
manche	sleeve
trahissent	betray
s'avancer	advance
démoniaque	demonic
minuscules	tiny
siffla-t-il	whistle-t-he
brandissant	waving
apportée	made
prit	took
d'anniversaire	birthday
avons	have
informés	informed
sortilège	hex
lévitation	levitation
utilisé	used
résidence	residence
neuf	nine
douze	twelve
cycle	cycle
autorisés	authorized
jeter	throw
sorts	spells
récidive	recurrence
l'utilisation	the use
tels	such
sortilèges	spells
pourrait	could
entraîner	cause
expulsion	expulsion
ladite	the said
décret	decree
restriction	restriction
l'usage	the use
article	article
1875	1875
alinéa	paragraph
rappelons	remember
également	also
pratique	practice
susceptible	likely
remarquée	noticed
communauté	community
constitue	is
délit	crime
puni	punished
l'article	article
code	code
secret	secret
établi	established
confédération	confederation
internationale	international
mages	the magi
souhaitant	wishing
d'agréables	pleasant
prions	let us pray
l'assurance	insurance
sentiments	feelings
distingués	distinguished
mafalda	mafalda
hopkrik	hopkrik
usages	uses
abusifs	abusive
ministère	department
releva	rose
déglutit	swallowed
difficulté	difficulty
avais	had
n'avais	had
bouledogue	bulldog
nouvelles	new
désormais	now
enfermé	locked
façon	how
essayes	try
t'échapper	escape
formules	formulas
magiques	magic
renvoyé	returned
traîna	dragged
jusqu'au	until the
tint	tint
lendemain	next day
poser	ask
chargea	charged
d'installer	install
trappe	hatch
nourrir	feed
trois	three
utiliser	use
bains	bathroom
bouclé	curly
passèrent	passed
montraient	showed
intraitables	intractable
issue	after
allongé	lying
coucher	bedroom
arriver	getting
essayer	try
s'échapper	escape
exclusion	exclusion
autre	other
insupportable	unbearable
certains	some
risquaient	might
transformés	processed
arme	weapon
sauvé	saved
d'événements	events
allaient	would
choses	things
probablement	probably
finir	finish
mourir	die
aménagée	fitted
bascula	tilt
rempli	filled
soupe	soup
boîte	box
force	force
saisit	captures
l'empêcha	he
d'en	to
avaler	swallow
moitié	half
lampée	swig
versa	versa
mangeoire	manger
vide	empty
morceaux	pieces
légumes	vegetables
détrempés	wet
restés	stayed
fond	background
ébouriffa	ruffled
plumes	feathers
dégoûté	disgusted
alla	alla
reposer	rest
retourna	returned
s'allonger	lie
ayant	having
qu'avant	as before
admettant	admitting
vivant	living
passerait-il	happen
montrait	showed
enverraient-ils	would they send
parviendraient-ils	would they achieve
obliger	require
partir	from
pièce	room
devenait	became
epuisé	out of print
gargouillant	gurgling
retournant	returning
cesse	stops
mêmes	same
questions	questions
insolubles	insoluble
sombra	sombra
sommeil	sleep
agité	restless
rêva	dreamed
écriteau	sign
indiquait	indicated
litière	litter
paille	straw
faible	low
affamé	hungry
visiteurs	visitors
regarder	watch
foule	crowd
reconnaissait	recognized
mettait	put
crier	shout
l'appeler	the call
l'aide	using
l'entendait	the intended
disparaissait	disappeared
taper	type
moquant	laughing at
arrête	stop
marmonnait	muttered
lancinant	throbbing
métal	metal
martelait	pounding
cerveau	brain
laisse-moi	let me
tranquille	quiet
j'essaie	I try
dormir	sleep
ouvrit	opened
lune	moon
entrait	entered
l'observait	the observed
travers	through
constellé	studded
taches	spots
roux	roux
terrier	terrier
glissant	sliding
souleva	raised
panneau	panel
coulissant	sliding
puissent	can
t'as	you
penché	leaning
vieille	old
vert	green
turquoise	turquoise
immobilisée	immobilized
airs	air
l'avant	the front
fred	fred
george	george
frères	brothers
jumeaux	twins
souriaient	smiling at her
s'est	is
répondu	answered
invité	guest
bonne	good
douzaine	dozen
là-dessus	it
rentre	returns
raconte	tells
avertissement	warning
l'a-t-il	the a-t-he
travaille	works
volante	flying
l'emprunter	the borrow
l'avons	have
trafiquée	hacked
habites	live
expliquer	explain
ecoute-moi	listen to me
refusent	refuse
dirait	looks like
j'enfreins	I should break
règlement	regulation
bavardages	chatter
venus	come
t'emmener	take you away
délivrer	issue
besoin	need
assura	assura
oublies	forget
m'accompagne	me
attache	home
l'extrémité	the end
corde	rope
réveillent	wake up
nouant	building
solidement	securely
donnait	gave
d'accélérateur	accelerator
t'inquiète	don't worry
recule	retreats
observait	watched
scène	scene
compris	including
d'important	important
moteur	engine
s'emballa	if packed
foncé	dark
arrachés	torn
pendaient	hung
mètre	meter
souffle	breath
court	short
hissa	hissa
inquiet	worried
tendit	handed
l'oreille	the ear
rapprocher	closer
possible	possible
monte	monte
j'emporte	I take
affaires	business
elles	they
fermée	closed
problème	problem
georges	georges
laisse-nous	let us
glissèrent	glissèrent
précaution	caution
valait	worth
pensa	thought
poche	pocket
épingle	pin
forcer	force
serrure	lock
pensent	think
perte	loss
d'apprendre	to learn
astuces	tips
techniques	technical
valent	worth
connues	known
lentes	slow
déclic	click
s'ouvrit	opened
valise	suitcase
temps-là	time
t'être	you be
utile	useful
passe-	pass
dernière	last
craque	crack
s'enfonçaient	sank
rapidement	quickly
rassemblant	bringing together
hisser	hoist
tousser	cough
d'haleine	breath
atteignirent	reached
transportèrent	carried
lourde	heavy
tirer	shoot
poussaient	grew
centimètre	cm
toussa	coughed
essoufflé	out of breath
poussez	push
pesèrent	weighed
poids	weight
banquette	bench
grimpait	rose
rebord	rim
aigu	acute
suivi	follow-up
tonitruante	thunderstrike
fichue	damn
lumière	light
couloir	hallway
s'alluma	lit
tambourinait	drummed
volée	fly
fraction	fraction
seconde	second
pétrifié	petrified
l'entrée	the entry
beuglement	bellow
taureau	bull
plongea	dove
cheville	ankle
empoignèrent	empoignèrent
tirèrent	fired
leurs	their
forces	forces
s'échappe	escapes
mouvement	movement
plancher	floor
claqué	slammed
portière	door
s'élança	darted
vitre	glass
vent	wind
toits	roofs
maisons	houses
s'éloigner	away
ouverte	open
penchés	looked
regardaient	watched
s'élever	rise
prochain	next
cria	cried
éclatèrent	burst
s'installa	settled
confortablement	comfortably
souriant	smiling
oreille	ear
volera	fly
l'occasion	the opportunity
dégourdir	stretch
l'épingle	the pin
s'élançait	reaching
bonheur	happiness
accompagna	accompanied
planant	hovering
fantôme	ghost
impatience	impatience
raconta	told
l'histoire	the story
stupéfait	stunned
suivit	followed
récit	story
louche	ladle
bizarre	weird
pense	think
cognait	bumped
échanger	exchange
croyez	believe
raconté	told
histoires	stories
elfes	elves
d'habitude	usually
l'autorisation	the authorization
envoyé	sent
t'empêcher	prevent you
revenir	return
t'en	you
répondirent	answered
déteste	hate
lucius	lucius
type-là	type-there
proches	close
partisans	supporters
sais-qui	know-who
tu-sais-qui	you-know-who
disparu	gone
tordant	twisting
disant	saying
parles	talk
d'après	after
intimes	intimate
rumeurs	rumors
circulaient	circulating
surpris	surprised
modèle	model
gentillesse	kindness
sensibilité	sensitivity
prévenance	thoughtfulness
appartiennent	belong
riches	rich
maman	mom
repassage	ironing
goule	ghoul
pouilleuse	pouilleuse
grenier	attic
gnomes	gnomes
envahissent	invade
trouve	find
vieux	old
manoirs	manors
châteaux	castles
silencieux	silent
rouler	roll
l'or	gold
imaginait	imagined
pavanant	parading
vaste	wide
manoir	manor
parfaitement	perfectly
d'envoyer	send
domestique	home
d'empêcher	to prevent
prendre	take
commençais	started
m'inquiéter	I worry about
sérieusement	seriously
répondais	answer
début	beginning
faute	fault
d'errol	of errol
errol	errol
hibou	owl
évanoui	fainted
d'épuisement	exhaustion
allant	from
essayé	tried
d'emprunter	to borrow
hermès	hermes
percy	percy
nommé	named
préfet	prefect
refusé	refused
prêter	pay
prétendu	alleged
envoie	sends
journées	days
astiquer	Polish
insigne	badge
loin	far
l'ouest	the west
boussole	compass
fixée	fixed
tableau	table
bord	edge
volant	steering wheel
père	father
travailler	work
hier	yesterday
heureusement	fortunately
sera	will be
rentrés	back
s'apercevoir	see
emprunté	borrowed
ennuyeux	boring
détournements	diversions
l'artisanat	crafts
moldu	muggle
objets	objects
fabriqués	manufactured
ensorcelés	"bewitched"
neutraliser	neutralize
reviennent	return
magasins	stores
morte	dead
vendu	sold
brocanteur	bargain hunter
moldue	moldue
acheté	bought
emporté	away
transformé	transformed
cauchemar	nightmare
théière	teapot
piqué	stung
crise	crisis
commencé	started
verser	pour
homme	man
l'hôpital	the hospital
pince	clamp
coincée	stuck
jour-là	day
perkins	perkins
d'amnésie	amnesia
trucs	tips
souvienne	remember
éclata	broke out
adore	love
fabriquent	manufacture
garage	garage
plein	full
machins-là	stuff-there
démonte	strips
subir	undergo
remonte	back
perquisition	search
obligé	forced
prison	prison
rend	makes
folle	crazy
rage	rage
route	road
pare-brise	windshield
arrivés	arrived
minutes	minutes
commence	begins
lever	sunrise
dessinait	drew
l'horizon	the horizon
perdit	lost
l'altitude	the altitude
mosaïque	mosaic
champs	fields
bosquets	groves
village	village
rapprocha	drew
rouge	red
commençait	started
luire	glow
arbres	trees
atterrissage	landing
annonça	announced
touchèrent	hit
léger	lightweight
soubresaut	blip
s'immobilisèrent	if immobilisèrent
proximité	close
délabré	run-down
s'élevait	was
cour	court
porcherie	barn
agrandie	enlarged
haute	high
plusieurs	several
étages	floors
paraissait	seemed
bancale	wobbly
songea	songea
cinq	five
cheminées	chimneys
dressaient	up
tordu	twisted
planté	planted
bottes	boots
entassées	crammed
désordre	disorder
rouillé	rusty
encadraient	framed
poulets	chickens
picoraient	pecked
luxueux	luxurious
merveilleux	wonderful
ravi	ravi
repensant	thinking back
sortirent	went out
monter	mount
là-haut	up there
attendra	wait
appelle	calls
moment-là	time
précipites	précipites
regarde	look at
arrivé	arrived
ravie	happy
saura	will
fixèrent	fixed
teinte	hue
verdâtre	greenish
autres	other
firent	did
volte-face	volte-face
provoquant	causing
panique	panic
parmi	among
replète	replète
bienveillant	benevolent
s'être	will be
brusquement	suddenly
transformée	transformed
tigresse	tigress
planter	plant
hanches	hips
alternativement	alternatively
chacun	each
baissaient	dropped
coupable	guilty
tablier	apron
d'où	where
dépassait	exceeded
dit-elle	she said
m'man	me man
d'adopter	to adopt
conquérant	conqueror
rendez	visit
d'inquiétude	anxiety
impressionnant	awesome
semblèrent	seemed
ratatiner	shrivel up
explosa	exploded
lits	beds
vides	empty
auriez	would
fichez	do not care
bill	bill
charles	charles
causé	caused
autant	as much
soucis	worries
marmonna	muttered
ferais	would
t'inspirer	you inspire
s'écria	cried
enfonçant	pressing
l'index	the index
poitrine	chest
repérer	identify
hurler	scream
lorsqu'elle	when it
cassé	broken
recul	decline
contente	happy
dois	do
talons	heels
rentra	returned
l'encourager	encourage
suivre	follow
encombrée	cluttered
bois	wood
brut	gross
occupaient	occupied
centre	centre
s'assit	sat
pénétrait	penetrated
pendule	pendulum
accrochée	hung
aiguille	needle
chiffre	figure
cadran	dial
pouvait	could
lire	read
diverses	various
inscriptions	entries
retard	delay
rangées	rows
s'alignaient	lined
manteau	coat
cheminée	fireplace
quelques-uns	a few
titres	securities
ensorceler	bewitch
pâtisserie	pastry
festin	feast
minute	minute
radio	radio
l'évier	the sink
l'émission	the issuance
salut	hi
chanteuse	singer
célestina	célestina
moldubec	moldubec
cliquetis	rattling
vaisselle	dishes
s'occupait	was
désordonnés	disordered
jetant	throwing
saucisses	sausages
regards	looks
n'aurais	would have
pensé	thought
pauvre	poor
chéri	darling
remplissant	filling
arthur	arthur
faisions	did
souci	concern
sujet	about
sommes	are
irions	go
nous-mêmes	ourselves
vendredi	Friday
rajouta	added
œufs	eggs
traverser	cross
pays	country
totalement	totally
agita	agita
machinalement	going through the motions
direction	management
entassée	piled
nuages	clouds
pleine	full
donnaient	gave
tais	tais
calmée	calmed down
coupa	cut
beurrer	butter
chemise	shirt
ginny	ginny
basse	low
veut	wants to
autographe	autograph
croisa	crossed
ajouter	add
régna	reigned
assiettes	plates
aient	have
vidées	flushed
guère	little
fatigué	tired
bâillement	yawn
posant	posing
couteau	knife
fourchette	range
certainement	certainly
entièrement	fully
immédiatement	immediately
dégnomer	dégnomer
horribles	horrible
créatures	creatures
envahi	invaded
l'aider	the help
reprit-elle	she said
furibond	furious
ajouta-t-elle	"she added,
l'adresse	the address
maudite	cursed
préférerais	would prefer
gentil	nice
voyons	see
lockhart	lockhart
volume	volume
grognement	grunt
d'oeil	eye
couverture	coverage
livre	book
ecrit	written
d'or	gold
gilderoy	gilderoy
guide	guide
nuisibles	harmful
au-dessous	below
photo	photo
séduisant	seductive
blonds	blonde
ondulés	wavy
bleu	blue
animée	animated
cessait	stopped
lancer	launch
clins	winks
coquins	rogues
rayonnait	shone
remarquable	remarkable
audible	audible
sois	am
ridicule	ridiculous
protesta	protested
rosissantes	rosissantes
pensez	think
allez-y	go for it
débrouillez-vous	you're you
gare	station
gnome	gnome
j'irai	I will go
inspection	inspection
bâillant	yawning
ronchonnant	griping
traînant	dragging
suivis	followed
correspondait	was
l'idée	the idea
l'auraient	would
aimé	loved
mauvaises	bad
herbes	herbs
tondue	mowed
émerveillé	amazed
noueux	knotty
plantés	planted
débordant	overflowing
plantes	plants
vues	views
compter	from
mare	mare
verte	green
remplie	filled
grenouilles	frogs
jardins	gardens
j'en	I
massif	massive
pivoines	peonies
vrais	true
pères	fathers
noël	christmas
grassouillets	grassouillets
brouettes	wheelbarrows
cannes	cannes
pêche	fishing
agitation	agitation
mirent	started
remuer	stir
sens	meaning
tenant	taking into
vrai	true
fishmoilapaix	fishmoilapaix
peau	skin
cuir	leather
chauve	bald
verrues	warts
méprendre	mistaken
pomme	apple
terre	earth
l'attrapa	caught
chevilles	ankles
au-dessus	above
tourner	turn
lasso	lasso
l'expression	the expression
choquée	shocked
expliqua	explained
tournis	dizzy
retrouvent	found
chemin	path
lâcha	released
celle-ci	it
plané	glide
mètres	meters
sourd	deaf
champ	field
s'étendait	extended
parie	bet
j'arrive	I can
mien	mine
souche	strain
d'arbre	tree
apprit	learned
éprouver	experience
pitié	pity
décida	decided
sentant	feeling
faiblesse	weakness
part	share
planta	planta
doigt	finger
tranchantes	sharp
rasoir	razor
secouer	shake
lâcher	letting go
prise	outlet
l'as	the ace
bientôt	soon
malins	malignant
attrapé	caught
dégnomage	dégnomage
sortent	come out
auraient	would
appris	learned
atterri	landed
s'éloignait	depart
rond	round
démarche	approach
incertaine	uncertain
reviendront	return
disparaître	disappear
adorent	love
drôles	funny
claqua	slammed
traversèrent	crossed
retournèrent	returned
affalé	slouching
enlevé	removed
fermé	closed
enfants	children
vêtu	dressed
poussière	dust
usée	worn
longs	long
voyages	travel
marmonna-t-il	mumbled to himself he
attrapant	catching
tâtons	groping
interventions	interventions
certain	some
mundugus	mundugus
fletcher	fletcher
j'avais	I had
tourné	shot
gorgée	sip
profond	deep
soupir	sigh
intérêt	interest
clés	key
rétrécissantes	rétrécissantes
bouilloire	kettle
mordeuse	mordeuse
s'amuse	fun
attrape-moldus	catch-muggle
soupira	sighed
vendent	sell
finissent	end
rétrécir	shrink
n'arrivent	arrive
remettre	back
dessus	top
condamner	condemn
voudra	want to
admettre	admit
rétrécissent	shrink
persuadés	believe
perdues	lost
prêts	loans
s'agit	is
nier	deny
crève	spliting
nombre	number
d'objets	objects
s'amusent	play
transformer	transform
voitures	cars
tisonnier	poker
brandissait	wielding
épée	sword
chérie	sweetheart
flamboyants	flamboyant
imagine	imagine
achèterait	buy
rouillée	rusty
démonter	disassemble
qu'en	in
réalité	reality
trafiquer	tamper
cligna	blink
ferait	would
violerait	would violate
lacune	gap
l'intention	the intention
t'es	you're
arrangé	arranged
rédigée	written
puisses	can
continuer	continue
bricolages	do-it-yourself
machins	stuff
information	information
personnelle	personal
signale	reports
sursauta	gasped
dieu	god
allés	went
l'avez	have
intéressé	interested
balbutia-t-il	stammered out there
éclairs	lightning
vaut	worth
enflait	swelled
crapaud-buffle	toad-buffalo
montrer	show
suivirent	followed
étroit	close
escalier	staircase
bancales	dangling
montait	rose
zigzag	zigzag
entrouverte	ajar
d'apercevoir	see
brillants	brilliant
claquant	slamming
timide	shy
n'arrive	arrives
taire	shut up
montèrent	went up
volées	stolen
d'arriver	to arrive
peinture	painting
écaillée	peeling
ronald	ronald
entra	entered
touchait	touched
incliné	inclined
épousait	married
ebloui	dazzled
pénétré	penetrated
fournaise	furnace
orange	orange
couvre-lit	bedspread
recouvert	covered
papier	paper
miteux	shabby
affiches	posters
représentant	representative
balais	brushes
brandissaient	brandished
énergie	energy
équipe	team
préférée	favorite
canons	guns
chudley	chudley
brodé	embroidered
boulet	boulet
canon	canon
neuvièmes	ninth
championnat	championship
entassés	crammed
pile	battery
semblaient	seemed to
martin	martin
miggs	miggs
aquarium	aquarium
têtards	tadpoles
installé	installed
croûtard	croûtard
gris	grey
somnolait	was dozing
rayon	radius
enjamba	stepped over
auto-battantes	auto-swing
étalées	plated
minuscule	tiny
bande	band
glissaient	slide
attendait	waiting
opinion	opinion
habite	live
n'arrête	never stops
tuyaux	pipes
grogner	growl
large	wide
j'aie	I have
prirent	took
fleury	fleury
bott	bott
connue	known
tenaient	held
ordre	order
baignait	bathed
l'étrange	the strange
l'imprévisible	the unpredictable
miroir	mirror
remets	put
débraillé	scruffy
jouer	play
plomb	lead
calme	quiet
petites	small
explosions	explosions
retentir	sound
considérées	considered
normales	normal
insolite	unusual
parlant	speaking
turbulente	turbulent
sympathie	sympathy
s'inquiétait	worried
l'état	the state
chaussettes	socks
reprendre	resume
aimait	loved
bombarder	bomb
notamment	in particular
marchaient	walked
prises	taken
postal	postal
fascinant	fascinating
s'exclamait-il	he exclaimed
expliquait	explained
fonctionnement	operation
téléphone	phone
ingénieuse	ingenious
qu'ont	that have
débrouiller	manage
recours	use
beau	beautiful
descendit	went down
compagnie	company
involontairement	involuntarily
céréales	cereals
manière	way
générale	general
tendance	trend
sortes	kinds
récupérer	recover
réapparut	reappeared
teint	complexion
évoquait	evoked
couchant	sunset
remarqué	noticed
toasts	toast
offrit	offered
donnant	giving
enveloppes	envelopes
identiques	identical
parchemin	parchment
jauni	yellowed
lesquelles	which
l'encre	the ink
échappe	escapes
entrèrent	went
pyjama	pajamas
lecture	reading
devrait	should
express	express
king's	king's
cross	cross
date	date
contenait	contained
liste	list
nouveaux	new
nécessaires	needed
élèves	students
devront	will have to
procurer	buy
ouvrages	books
suivants	the following
enchantements	enchantments
niveau	level
miranda	miranda
fauconnette	fauconnette
flâneries	going for a walk
spectre	spectrum
vadrouilles	mops
goules	ghouls
harpies	harpies
randonnées	hiking
trolls	trolls
vampires	vampires
promenades	walks
loups-garous	werewolves
yéti	yeti
d'œil	eye
par-dessus	above
épaule	shoulder
acheter	buy
prof	prof
défense	defence
fans	fans
préféra	preferred
s'intéresser	if interested
confiture	jam
insister	insist
davantage	more
prix	price
s'arrangera	will work it out
préoccupée	concerned
pourrons	can
d'occasion	of opportunity
acquiesça	nodded
rougissant	blushing
racine	root
posa	posa
coude	elbow
beurre	butter
remarquer	notice
aîné	elder
habillé	dressed
débardeur	tank top
tricot	knit
énergique	energetic
journée	day
ôtant	removing
plumeau	feather duster
s'aperçoive	notices
respirait	breathed
prenant	taking
inerte	inert
enlevant	removing
glissée	crept
aile	wing
rapporte	reports
réponse	response
porta	porta
perchoir	perch
fixé	set
retomba	fell
retendre	re-tighten
paillasse	bench
lamentable	sorry
chers	dear
j'espère	I hope
d'illégal	illegal
ennuis	trouble
inquiète	concerned
sûreté	safety
dis-le-	tell-the-
celui-là	this one
tournée	tour
supplémentaire	additional
absorbée	absorbed
commenta	commented
horreur	horror
londres	london
mercredi	Wednesday
traverse	crosses
raconter	tell
amitiés	friendships
paraît	seems
n'aurons	will not
commençant	starting
comptez	count
colline	hill
possédaient	had
entouré	surrounded
d'arbres	trees
cachaient	hid
habitants	inhabitants
s'entraîner	train
revanche	contrast
véritables	true
trahir	betray
jetaient	threw
pommes	apples
s'exerçaient	were
rattraper	catch up
volait	flying
rôle	role
meilleur	best
disposaient	had
etoile	star
filante	shooting
dépasser	exceed
papillons	butterflies
montaient	rose
flanc	flank
l'épaule	the shoulder
joindre	join
occupé	busy
qu'aux	the
repas	meal
j'aimerais	I would like to
savoir	know
fabrique	manufactures
reconnais	recognize
résultats	results
examens	reviews
envoyés	sent
veille	eve
arrivée	arrival
obtenu	obtained
buse	nozzle
vanté	touted
brevet	patent
universel	universal
elémentaire	elemental
interrogatif	interrogative
prend	takes
garde	guard
préfet-	prefect-
en-chef	in-chief
survivrai	survivrai
infamie	infamy
l'aîné	the elder
charlie	charlie
cadet	cadet
études	studies
rencontrés	met
étudiait	studying
dragons	dragons
roumanie	romania
egypte	egypt
travaillait	worked
gringotts	gringotts
banque	bank
fournitures	supplies
scolaires	school
exemplaires	best
coffres	chests
renfermait	contained
fortune	fortune
léguée	bequeathed
monnaie	currency
gallions	galleons
mornilles	mornilles
noises	noises
abstenu	failed
révéler	reveal
l'existence	the existence
avis	notice
aversion	aversion
dédaigner	spurn
suivant	following
réveilla	woke up
après	after
avalé	swallowed
sandwiches	sandwiches
bacon	bacon
enfilèrent	enfilèrent
veste	jacket
soupira-t-elle	sighed-she
rachète	repurchases
présenta	presented
poudre	powder
cheminette	cheminette
métro	metro
escapators	escapators
passera	will
n'auras	there will
pincée	pinch
s'avança	advanced
brûlait	burned
flammes	flames
grondement	rumble
teinta	teinta
émeraude	emerald
pénétra	penetrated
donneras	give
foyers	homes
articules	spring
clairement	clearly
débrouillera	do
molly	molly
l'ennuie	the bored
perd	loses
dirons	tell
ficheraient	ficheraient
rassura	reassured
trouverait	would
plaisanterie	joke
excellente	excellent
perdais	lost
conduit	led
inquiétez	worry
pénétreras	pénétreras
annonce	ad
destination	destination
corps	body
conseilla	advised
ferme	farm
cause	cause
suie	soot
bouge	moves
risques	risks
sors	go out
attends	wait
verras	see
garder	keep
conseils	tips
mémoire	memory
s'approcha	approached
inspira	inspired
profondément	deeply
l'âtre	the hearth
chaudes	hot
brise	breeze
tiède	warm
cendres	ash
verse	pays
toussant	coughing
aspiré	sucked
tourbillon	whirlpool
géant	giant
lui-	him-
vitesse	speed
assourdissant	deafening
vertes	green
dansaient	danced
heurta	hit
colla	colla
continuant	continuing
glacées	ice
giflaient	giflaient
entrouvrit	entrouvrit
défiler	scroll
flot	stream
indistinct	indistinct
laissaient	let
inconnues	unknown
remuaient	remuaient
dangereusement	dangerously
estomac	stomach
s'arrête	stops
pierre	stone
briser	break
meurtri	bruised
étourdi	dizzy
précautionneusement	carefully
cassées	broken
l'endroit	the place
foyer	home
éclairé	informed
boutique	shop
exposé	presentation
figurer	be
vitrine	showcase
proche	close
desséchée	parched
coussin	cushion
tachées	stained
verre	glass
masques	masks
sinistres	claims
accrochés	hung
assortiment	assortment
d'ossements	bones
humains	human
disposé	willing
comptoir	counter
d'instruments	instruments
pointus	sharp
rouilles	rusts
pire	worst
étroite	close
apercevait	caught sight of
strictement	strictly
d'ici	here
silencieusement	silently
mi-chemin	mid-way
silhouettes	silhouettes
s'apprêtaient	preparing
entrer	enter
arrivants	arrivals
rencontrer	meet
égaré	lost
s'agissait	was
bref	brief
repéra	spotted
armoire	wardrobe
gauche	left
portes	doors
laissant	leaving
ouverture	opening
instants	moments
cloche	bell
sonna	rang
l'homme	the man
suivait	followed
pâle	pale
froids	cold
nonchalant	nonchalant
exposés	exposed
clochette	bell
touche	key
croyais	thought
tendu	tense
l'œil	the eye
j'allais	I was going to
t'acheter	you buy
course	race
tapotant	tapping
doigts	fingers
autorisation	authorization
spéciale	special
gryffondor	gryffindor
parce	because
stupide	stupid
examiner	review
étagère	shelf
crânes	skulls
persuadé	persuaded
intelligent	smart
m'as	me
répété	repeated
rappelle	remember
prudent	careful
manifester	show
admiration	admiration
étant	being
d'entre	of
considèrent	consider
barjow	barjow
épaules	shoulders
voûtées	vaulted
tombaient	fell
huileuse	oily
jeune	young
montre	watch
raisonnable	reasonable
n'achète	do not buy
vends	sell
vendez	sell
s'effaça	vanished
multiplie	multiplies
perquisitions	search
sortant	outgoing
rouleau	roll
déroula	took place
disons	let's say
pourraient	could
causer	cause
d'éventuels	any
désagréments	inconvenience
s'avisait	were
pince-nez	nose clip
examina	examined
n'irait	there would be a
fouiner	snoop
continue	continues
d'imposer	to impose
respect	respect
inquisiteur	inquisitor
nouvel	new
acte	act
protection	protection
loqueteux	ragged
d'arthur	arthur
l'imbécile	the fool
sentit	felt
bouffée	puff
voyez	see
poisons	poisons
gloire	glory
précipiter	rush
lorsqu'on	when
bougie	candle
entre	between
tient	holds
bénéficier	benefit
restent	remain
avantage	advantage
inestimable	priceless
voleurs	thieves
pillards	raiders
deviendra	will become
voleur	thief
pillard	pillager
désobligeant	offensive
l'attend	the expected
reprit	took
profs	teachers
chouchous	darlings
aurais	would have
fille	girl
vient	comes
obtienne	to obtain
meilleurs	best
examen	review
déconfit	crestfallen
faillit	almost
exclamation	exclamation
joie	joy
doucereuse	sugary
respectés	respected
hautain	haughty
s'inclinant	bowing
pourrions	could
confiée	entrusted
réplique	replica
avouer	confess
pressé	hurry
importantes	important
m'attendent	wait for me
ailleurs	elsewhere
commencèrent	started
marchander	bargain
inquiétude	concern
s'approcher	approach
cachette	cache
mesure	measurement
examinait	examined
pendu	hanged
narquois	mocking
carton	carton
magnifique	beautiful
collier	necklace
d'opale	opal
toucher	touch
objet	object
ensorcelé	bewitched
provoqué	caused
auxquels	which
appartenu	belonged
l'armoire	the cabinet
'viens	'come
s'essuya	wiped his
revers	reverse
souhaite	wish
refermée	closed
abandonna	abandoned
manières	ways
onctueuses	creamy
toi-même	yourself
mister	mister
représente	represents
caches	caches
mine	mine
magasin	store
marmonnant	mumbling
incompréhensibles	incomprehensible
attendit	waited
faufila	stalked
vitrines	showcases
ruelle	alley
minable	shabby
constituée	incorporated
consacrés	dedicated
quitter	leave
l'enseigne	the sign
beurk	yuck
exposait	exposed
têtes	heads
réduites	reduced
d'araignées	spiders
vivantes	living
l'allure	the look
miteuse	shabby
dissimulés	hidden
observaient	watched
s'efforçait	tried
l'espoir	hope
illusoire	illusory
trouver	find
moyen	average
pancarte	sign
vendait	sold
chandelles	candles
venimeuses	venomous
l'allée	the aisle
embrumes	embrumes
renseignement	information
d'aucune	no
utilité	utility
avalées	swallowed
l'avaient-elles	had they
empêché	prevented
d'articuler	articulate
conserver	keep
sang-froid	in cold blood
convenait	should
apparue	appeared
portant	bearing
plateau	tea
d'ongles	nails
torve	torve
découvrant	discovering
gâtées	spoiled
fiches	sheets
surprise	surprise
renversant	reversing
ongles	nails
tombèrent	fell
cascade	cascade
juron	curse
carcasse	carcass
massive	massive
barbe	beard
hirsute	shaggy
noirs	black
lançaient	launched
l'éloigna	the left
sauter	jump
hurlements	howling
harpie	harpy
tortueuse	tortuous
arrivent	arrive
distingua	distinguished
familière	familiar
ramené	back
état	state
ronchonna	ronchonna
épousseta	dusted
vêtements	clothing
couverts	covered
telle	such
vigueur	force
projeta	projected
tonneau	barrel
bouse	dung
dragon	dragon
devanture	storefront
apothicaire	apothecary
promener	walk
famé	dodgy
voie	way
m'en	me
aperçu	overview
baissant	lowering
éviter	avoid
l'épousseter	the dust
faisiez	did
cherchais	was looking for
produit	product
limaces	slugs
grogna	" 
dévorent	devour
choux	cabbage
potager	vegetable garden
séparés	separated
retrouve	found
marcher	walk
enjambées	strides
visite	visit
maudits	damn
maugréa	"grumbled
menaient	led
rencontre	meeting
bruns	brown
touffus	thick
bannière	banner
émergèrent	emerged
coururent	ran
épongea	épongea
crâne	skull
luisant	shiny
états	states
formidable	great
s'exclamèrent	exclaiming
manquerait	missing
atterrir	land
brosse	brush
habits	clothes
enlever	remove
rendit	made
redevenues	again
neuves	new
n'ose	dare
imaginer	imagine
dépassant	exceeding
pressait	pressed
devinez	guess
vendre	sell
satisfaction	satisfaction
coincer	stuck
avertit	warns
entraient	entered
salués	greeted
gobelin	goblin
t'attirer	attract
t'attaquer	to attack you
lutter	fight
s'indigna	grew indignant
détournée	diverted
debout	standing
s'étirait	stretched
marbre	marble
nerveux	nervous
attendaient	waiting
qu'hermione	as hermione
présentations	presentations
allions	were going to
boire	drink
changez	change
l'argent	the money
excité	excited
montra	showed
billet	ticket
l'heure	the time
conduisit	led
sous-sols	sub-soil
entreposé	stored
argent	money
rendre	make
emprunter	borrow
wagonnets	cars
montés	mounted
rails	rails
sillonnaient	furrowed
couloirs	corridors
souterrains	underground
promenade	walk
rappelait	reminded
montagnes	mountains
russes	Russian
fêtes	holidays
foraines	fairs
ouvert	open
coffre	safety deposit box
effaré	aghast
d'argent	money
gallion	gallion
coins	corners
ramassa	picked up
pièces	parts
qu'elles	they
enfouit	buried
lorsqu'ils	when they
retrouvèrent	found
dissimuler	hide
contenu	content
hâtait	hastening
remplir	complete
bourse	stock exchange
poignées	handles
furent	were
retour	return
séparèrent	separated
nouvelle	new
plume	pen
jordan	jordan
insista	insisted
emmener	take
baveur	leaky
emmenant	taking
avisez	tell
lança-t-elle	"she
sinueuse	winding
pavés	pavers
bronze	bronze
tintait	tinkled
joyeusement	happily
demandait	asked
dépensée	spent
acheta	bought
fraise	strawberry
léchèrent	léchèrent
virent	saw
provision	provision
pétards	firecrackers
mouillés	wet
flibuste	flibuste
explosion	explosion
garantie	warranty
chaleur	heat
brocante	flea market
aperçurent	saw
plongé	immersed
intitulé	title
préfets	prefects
&8212	
étude	study
consacrée	dedicated
passionnant	exciting
fiche	sheet
camp	camp
ambitieux	ambitious
plan	plan
devenir	become
ministre	minister
poursuivirent	continued
librairie	library
d'ailleurs	moreover,
seuls	only
arrivèrent	arrived
immense	huge
affluence	attendance
s'étalait	spread
banderole	banner
façade	facade
12h30	12: 30 pm
16h30	16: 30
dédicacera	will autograph
autobiographie	autobiography
magicien	magician
essentiellement	essentially
composée	composed
sorcier-libraire	sorcerer-bookseller
modérer	moderate
l'ardeur	the ardour
admiratrices	fans
mesdames	ladies
parvinrent	managed
queue	tail
longueur	length
duquel	which
signait	signed
exemplaire	copy
faufilèrent	faufilèrent
tapoter	tap
file	file
avança	advanced
photos	photos
étincelantes	sparkling
myosotis	forget-me-not
assorti	with
chapeau	hat
cordial	cordial
appareil	device
laissait	left
fumée	smoke
violette	violet
déclenchait	triggered
flash	flash
aveuglant	blinding
dégagez	release
aboya	barked
photographe	photographer
reculant	backing up
angle	angle
gazette	gazette
raison	reason
frottait	rubbing
écrasé	crushed
bondit	leaps
hurlant	screaming
chuchotement	whisper
fébrile	febrile
s'écarta	departed
précipitait	rush
l'attrapait	length
l'entraînait	the led
applaudissements	applause
nourris	fed
serra	serra
l'objectif	the objective
mitraillait	machine-gunned
fais-nous	do we
largement	widely
exhibées	exhibited
fermement	firmly
messieurs	gentlemen
voici	here
extraordinaire	extraordinary
idéal	ideal
annoncer	announce
gardé	kept
entré	entered
offrir	offer
gratuitement	free
applaudit	cheers
doutait	doubted
poursuivit	continued
bourrade	shoving
affectueuse	loving
camarades	comrades
chair	flesh
fierté	pride
assurerai	will
exclamations	exclamations
collection	collection
complète	complete
volumes	volumes
tiens	want
j'achèterai	I will buy
propres	own
n'eut	had
reconnaître	recognize
retrouva	found
laisse-le	let the
assassin	assassin
ouvrait	opened
amie	friend
ironisa	ironisa
devint	became
écarlate	scarlet
rejoignaient	joined
frayant	spawning
chargés	loaded
saleté	dirt
semelle	outsole
chaussure	shoe
surprend	surprises
n'auront	there will be
t'avoir	you have
bouquins	books
retinrent	retained
pans	pans
noyé	drowned
fabriques	mills
folie	madness
rejoint	joined
arborant	featuring
saluant	greeting
paient	pay
neufs	new
glacé	glossy
métamorphose	metamorphosis
apparemment	apparently
déshonorer	dishonor
fonction	function
paie	payroll
cramoisi	crimson
n'avons	have
l'honneur	the honor
dit-	said
pâles	pale
appréhension	apprehension
métallique	metal
renversa	down
dizaines	tens
d'épais	thick
grimoires	grimoires
tonnerre	thunder
vas-y	vas-y
s'écrièrent	cried
s'écria-t-elle	cried she
d'autres	other
étagères	shelves
passage	passage
vendeur	seller
suffit	just
puissante	powerful
l'océan	the ocean
étalés	spread
séparé	separate
lèvre	lip
fendue	split
encyclopédie	encyclopedia
champignons	mushrooms
vénéneux	poisonous
flamboyant	flamboyant
hargne	aggressiveness
pourra	may
t'offrir	offer you
repoussa	pushed
maintenait	maintained
distance	distance
n'auriez	would
voulant	wanting to
défroisser	steam
pourrie	rotten
moelle	marrow
écouter	listen
sale	dirty
engeance	spawn
venez	come
sortons	let's go out
empêcher	prevent
ravisa	thought better of it
dépêchèrent	dispatched
regagner	return
battre	beat
public	public
qu'a	that has
type	type
bagarre	brawl
reportage	report
publicité	advertising
l'humeur	the mood
l'allégresse	the joy
achats	purchases
rentrer	return
congé	leave
regagnèrent	they returned to
fonctionnaient	worked
arrêts	stops
estima	estima
préférable	best
enleva	removed
l'abri	the shelter
transport	transport
saule	willow
cogneur	slugger
hâte	looking forward
s'empêcher	help
d'éprouver	experience
certaine	some
jalousie	jealousy
l'égard	respect
pensant	thinking
mener	lead
apparaître	appear
somptueux	sumptuous
comportait	included
plats	dishes
préférés	favorite
délicieux	delicious
beauté	beauty
exploser	explode
d'artifice	fireworks
d'étoiles	star
rouges	red
bleues	blue
rebondirent	rebondirent
demi-heure	a half-hour
burent	drank
tasse	cup
chocolat	chocolate
levés	surveys
chant	song
s'activait	sped
bougonnant	bougonnant
poulet	chicken
traversait	crossed
personnes	people
valises	suitcases
ford	ford
anglia	anglia
aménagements	amenities
particuliers	individuals
apportés	made
chuchota-t-il	whispered-t-he
ouvrant	opening
tours	towers
permis	permit
d'agrandir	to enlarge
suffisamment	enough
siège	seat
offrait	offered
d'espace	space
finalement	finally
astucieux	clever
trouvez	find
voit	see
l'extérieur	outside
cahotant	several
pincement	pinch
préparatifs	preparations
prévu	expected
jeté	cast
verrait	would
bouton	button
réacteur	reactor
d'invisibilité	invisibility
décoller	take off
instantanément	instantly
serions	would be
quart	quarter
chariots	carts
bagages	luggage
s'engouffrèrent	if engouffrèrent
précédente	previous
consistait	was
visible	visible
accéder	access
barrière	barrier
dressait	was
voies	pathways
indolore	painless
remarquent	notice
soucieux	anxious
franchir	cross
décidé	decided
passez	go
fonça	rushed
clin	clin
ensemble	all
s'assura	secured
calée	savvy
chariot	cart
s'avancèrent	advanced
côte	coast
marchant	walking
courir	run
shplÂÂaaannnggg	shplÂÂaaannnggg
heurtèrent	smote
rebondir	bounce
roula	roula
vacarme	din
hululements	hululements
indignés	indignant
tournèrent	turned
vigile	vigil
fabriquez	make
contrôle	control
péniblement	painfully
frottant	rubbing
côtes	coast
endolories	sore
courut	ran
ramasser	pick up
poussait	pushing
voyageurs	travelers
commençaient	started
commentaires	comments
traitements	treatments
infligés	inflicted
animaux	animals
n'ait	did
inquiets	worried
continuaient	continued
observer	observe
rater	miss
resté	stayed
contracté	contracted
l'horloge	the clock
géante	giant
secondes	seconds
amena	brought
infranchissable	impassable
parti	party
consterné	appalled
peuvent	can
repasser	iron
amer	bitter
n'entends	do not hear
tendue	tense
combien	how
regardèrent	looked
d'eux	of them
badauds	onlookers
attirés	attracted
stridents	strident
attendre	wait
coincés	stuck
usage	use
d'urgence	emergency
chapitre	chapter
dix-	ten-
l'excitation	the excitement
saurais	would
sortie	output
allons-y	let's go
dépêche	hurry
s'élancèrent	started
fendant	splitting
intrigués	intrigued
eurent	had
l'anglia	the anglia
gigantesque	gigantic
carrosserie	body
rangèrent	them
posèrent	laid
s'installèrent	settled
vérifie	checks
faisant	making
démarrer	start
circulation	traffic
l'avenue	the avenue
déserte	deserted
appuya	supported
argenté	silver
aménagé	arranged
vibrer	vibrate
genoux	knees
sinistre	disaster
immeubles	buildings
alentour	around
vision	vision
s'étaler	spread
baignée	bathed
brume	mist
lumières	lights
appuyant	pressing
ratés	misfire
marteler	hammer
contact	contact
tiens-toi	stand
écrasa	crushed
l'accélérateur	the accelerator
s'étiraient	stretched
plongèrent	dove
brouillard	fog
grisâtre	greyish
masse	mass
compacte	compact
enveloppait	enveloped
repère	cue
redescends	'm going down
repassèrent	repassèrent
couche	layer
tordirent	tordirent
filait	spinning
serpent	snake
nord	north
suffira	suffice
vérifier	check
demi-heures	half-hours
flèche	arrow
traversant	crossing
avions	aircraft
échangèrent	exchanged
voyager	travel
tourbillons	swirls
extraordinaires	extraordinary
restant	remaining
chaud	hot
éclatant	bright
caramels	caramel
gants	gloves
contempler	contemplate
envieuse	jealous
feraient	would
spectaculaire	spectacular
régulièrement	regularly
descendaient	down
paysage	landscape
changeait	changed
verdure	green
prés	meadows
laissé	left
landes	landes
couleurs	colors
pourpres	purple
villages	villages
églises	churches
villes	cities
sillonnées	grooved
ressemblaient	looked like
insectes	insects
multicolores	multi-coloured
s'avouer	admit
soif	thirst
indifférente	indifferent
songeait	was thinking of
citrouille	pumpkin
frais	fees
servait	served
n'avaient-ils	had they
enrouée	hoarse
descendait	down
baignant	bathing
l'express	the express
serpentant	winding
sommets	summits
enneigés	snowy
enfonça	stuck
peiner	toil
émettant	emitting
plainte	complaint
fatiguée	tired
parcouru	traveled
intense	intense
s'assombrissait	darkened
étoiles	star
éclore	hatch
l'obscurité	the dark
approche	approach
tapota	tapped
redescendirent	climbed back down
scrutèrent	peered
familier	familiar
sursauter	jump
découpant	cutting
pénombre	penumbra
nombreuses	many
sommet	summit
falaise	cliff
dominait	dominated
mise	update
parts	units
perdait	lost
arrive	happens
cajoleur	cajoleur
secousse	shake
jets	jets
vapeur	steam
capot	hood
cramponna	cramponna
bords	edges
oscilla	wavered
surface	surface
lisse	smooth
luisante	shiny
centaines	hundreds
crispées	tense
ferraille	scrap
s'arrêta	stopped
régnait	reigned
piqua	piqua
fonçant	darkening
muraille	wall
noooooon	noooooon
désespérément	desperately
décrivit	described
courbe	curve
serres	greenhouses
perdant	loser
d'altitude	altitude
stop	stop
hurla-t-il	"he yelled,
descente	descent
inexorable	inexorable
rapprochait	close
l'arbre	the tree
booooooÏÏÏÏÏnnnnng	booooooÏÏÏÏÏnnnnng
tôle	sheet
s'écrasant	crashing
l'énorme	the huge
tronc	trunk
percuta	collided
lourdement	heavily
panache	plume
accordéon	accordion
bosse	kicker
heurté	hit
déchirante	heartbreaking
tremblante	trembling
cassée	broken
extrémité	end
pendait	hung
lamentablement	miserably
retenue	withholding
fibres	fibers
réparer	repair
frappa	hit
charge	load
hoquet	hiccup
branche	branch
l'épaisseur	the thickness
python	python
s'abattre	down
lequel	which
écrasés	crushed
attaquer	attack
branches	branches
noueuses	knotty
martelaient	martelaient
férocement	fiercely
aaaaaaaarrrrggghhh	aaaaaaaarrrrggghhh
enfonçait	sinking
rameaux	branches
déchaînés	raging
faisaient	were
creuser	dig
sauve	saves
pesant	weighing
vigoureux	vigorous
uppercut	uppercut
fichus	damn
s'enfonçait	sinking
remis	given
calma	calma
l'entendirent	heard it
craquer	crack
déraciner	uproot
poursuivre	continue
haletant	panting
s'ouvrirent	opened
grincement	grinding
basculé	switched
atterrissant	landing
croix	cross
humide	wet
éjecta	éjecta
projetée	projected
au-dehors	outside
s'ouvrant	opening
s'envola	flew
fila	fila
tire-d'aile	tire-wing
lacérée	lacerated
cabossée	dented
fumante	steaming
s'éloigna	walked away
feux	lights
rougeoyant	glowing
reviens	come back
pétarade	popping
d'échappement	exhaust
consternée	appalled
penchant	leaning
parc	park
s'écraser	crashing
arbre	tree
continuait	continued
d'agiter	shake
menaçant	threatening
l'arrivée	the arrival
imaginée	imagined
meurtris	bruised
froid	cold
saisirent	seized
traînèrent	dragged
pente	slope
douce	soft
l'imposant	the imposing
portail	portal
chêne	oak
banquet	banquet
éclairée	lit
cérémonie	ceremony
répartition	distribution
observèrent	watched
d'innombrables	countless
flottaient	floating
tables	tables
desquelles	which
gobelets	cups
reconstituait	restored
illuminé	illuminated
remplissait	filled
rangée	row
d'élèves	students
facilement	easily
repérable	tracked
grâce	thanks
typiques	typical
professeur	professor
mcgonagall	mcgonagall
chignon	bun
posait	was
choixpeau	sorting hat
tabouret	stool
malpropre	messy
effiloché	frayed
rapiécé	patched
répartissait	distributed
différentes	different
regroupaient	included
selon	according to
caractère	character
aptitudes	skills
poufsouffle	hufflepuff
serdaigle	ravenclaw
serpentard	slytherin
coiffé	wearing
décision	decision
murmurée	whispered
craint	fears
l'envoie	sends
sortis	out
adeptes	followers
porté	worn
aidé	helped
remporter	win
coupe	cup
clairs	clear
appelé	called
assistait	attended
professeurs	teachers
argentée	silver
demi-lune	half-moon
luisaient	shiny
bleu-vert	blue-green
vidait	emptied
gobelet	cup
dis-donc	say-so
severus	severus
l'élève	the student
détestait	hated
cruel	cruel
sarcastique	sarcastic
honni	hated
malade	sick
d'espoir	hope
démissionner	resign
suggéra	suggested
confié	entrusted
enthousiasme	enthusiasm
attend	waiting
n'êtes	there are
glacée	ice
agitée	rough
jaunâtre	yellowish
crochu	hooked
graisseux	fat
arborait	sported
signifiait	meant
suivez-moi	follow me
oser	dare
torches	torches
délicieuse	delicious
odeur	smell
emmena	took
opposée	opposite
descendre	down
menait	led
entrez	enter
ordonna-t-il	he ordered
l'étroit	the narrow
pénétrèrent	penetrated
sombres	dark
recouverts	covered
d'étagères	shelves
remplies	true
bocaux	jars
lesquels	which
répugnantes	disgusting
refermé	closed
élever	raise
fidèle	faithful
préférait	preferred
qu'avez-vous	what have you
numéro	number
titre	title
inquiÈte	concerned
londoniens	london
affirment	say
poste	post
centrale	central
midi	midi
comté	county
norfolk	norfolk
hetty	hetty
bayliss	bayliss
suspendait	suspended
lessive	laundry
angus	angus
fleet	fleet
peebles	peebles
déclaré	said
police	police
résuma	summed up
ajouta-t-il	he added
adressant	sending
creux	hollow
découvrait	discovered
recherches	research
constaté	found
valeur	value
dommages	damage
considérables	considerable
malheureusement	unfortunately
n'appartenez	not belong
m'appartient	belongs to me
décider	decide
disposent	have
attendez-moi	wait for me
nausée	nausea
allé	gone
directrice	director
n'allaient	not going to
s'arranger	arrange
montrerait	show
injuste	unfair
sévère	severe
l'accompagnait	accompanied
reprises	times
point-là	point
entrée	entry
brandit	holds up
recroquevillèrent	recroquevillèrent
contenta	contenta
pointer	point
ronflant	snoring
reprirent	resumed
chaises	chairs
auprès	with
explications	explanations
menaces	threats
aventure	adventure
n'avions	did
aviez	had
évidente	obvious
paru	published
s'engourdir	numb
solennel	solemn
coutumier	customary
n'être	not to be
pourriez-vous	could you
mette	mette
d'entendre	to hear
nuance	nuance
déception	disappointment
incapable	unable
contemplant	contemplating
avoua	admitted
propriétaire	owner
ensorcelée	bewitched
l'en	the
hasard	random
garée	parked
dupe	dupe
question	question
concernant	on
j'écrirai	I will write
familles	families
avertir	warn
prochaine	next
sottise	stupidity
genre	kind
n'aurai	will not
renvoyer	return
semblé	seemed
déçu	disappointed
privé	private
s'éclaircissant	thins
jeunes	young
tenu	view
infligé	inflicted
actes	acts
nature	nature
appartiendra	will be
punition	punishment
méritent	deserve
paisible	peaceful
font	do
placés	placed
responsabilité	responsibility
minerva	minerva
instructions	instructions
tarte	pie
goûter	taste
venimeux	venomous
d'aigle	eagle
feriez	would
l'infirmerie	the infirmary
saignez	bleeding
essuyant	wiping
coupure	cut
envoyée	sent
l'interrompit	the interrupted
points	points
pénalité	penalty
juré	juror
souri	smiled
n'enlèverai	do not remove
aurez	will
pointa	pointa
pichet	pitcher
filerez	speed through
directement	directly
sifflement	whistle
sandwich	sandwich
demi-douzaine	a half-dozen
haussa	hausa
j'aurais	I would have
participer	participate
pavaner	strutting
mangé	ate
purent	could
renouvelaient	new ones kept on coming
mangeaient	ate
quittèrent	left
dirigèrent	headed
portraits	portraits
chuchotèrent	whispered
armures	armor
grincer	squeak
caché	hidden
l'accès	access
commune	common
dortoirs	dormitories
toile	canvas
portrait	portrait
approcher	approach
connaissaient	knew
d'année	of the year
entendirent	heard
pressés	in a hurry
s'exclama-t-elle	exclaimed she
étiez-vous	were you
passés	past
ridicules	ridiculous
renvoyés	returned
leçons	lessons
morale	moral
donne-nous	give us
anthochère	anthochère
interrompue	interrupted
pivota	swung
libérer	free
d'applaudissements	applause
dormait	slept
rassemblés	gathered
circulaire	circular
fauteuils	chairs
défoncés	stoned
tendirent	craned
happer	snatch
imagination	imagination
parlera	talk
félicitations	congratulations
élève	student
cinquième	fifth
tape	tape
amicale	friendly
marathon	marathon
frayèrent	advanced
appeler	call
vienne	vienna
dirent-ils	they said
souriait	smiling
gêné	embarrassed
partager	share
exprimer	express
désapprobation	disapproval
fatigués	tired
fendirent	people
réprobateur	réprobateur
poussèrent	pushed
baldaquins	canopies
tendus	tense
velours	velvet
hautes	high
étroites	narrow
fiers	proud
livra	delivered
seamus	seamus
finnigan	finnigan
dean	dean
thomas	thomas
neville	neville
londubat	londubat
incroyable	amazing
rayonnant	radiant
cool	cool
etonnant	amazing
éperdu	distraught
d'admiration	admiration
gllderoy	gllderoy
occasion	opportunity
gâter	spoil
longues	long
débordaient	outside
porridge	porridge
harengs	herring
d'œufs	eggs
s'offraient	available
l'appétit	the appetite
lait	milk
aise	comfortable
pardonné	forgiven
escapade	getaway
salua	greeted
ahuri	bemused
maladresse	clumsiness
rare	rare
rencontré	met
grand-mère	grand-mother
m'envoyer	send me
oubliées	forgotten
trempé	tempered
cuillère	spoon
d'ailes	wings
centaine	hundred
s'engouffrer	rush
tournoyant	spinning
paquets	packages
destinataires	recipients
colis	package
rebondit	bounces
grise	grey
pattes	legs
amorphe	amorphous
inanimé	inanimate
s'effondra	collapsed
écartées	apart
enveloppe	envelope
caressant	stroking
l'oiseau	the bird
l'enveloppe	the envelope
particulier	particular
affolé	panic-stricken
s'attendaient	expected
beuglante	beuglante
l'ouvrir	the open
timidement	timidly
l'ai	I
terrorisé	terrorized
l'attention	attention
concentrée	concentrated
filets	nets
ouvre-la	opens-the
boucha	busha
explosé	exploded
rugissement	roar
m'aurait	I would have
ÉtonnÉ	Surprised
renvoient	return
t'aie	you aie
demandÉ	asked
etat	state
d'inquiÉtude	anxiety
Était	Was
pÈre	father
cent	cent
puissants	powerful
cuillères	spoons
répercutaient	pass
échos	echoes
tournés	shot
tassé	tassé
reÇu	received
ÉlevÉ	High
annÉes	years
conduises	ride
cité	city
n'entendait	did
perçait	pierced
tympans	eardrums
indignÉe	outraged
enquÊte	survey
ministÈre	department
entiÈrement	fully
refais	redo
bÊtise	stupidity
immÉdiatement	immediately
imprégné	impregnated
glissé	slipped
réduite	reduced
assommés	knocked out
raz-de-marée	tidal wave
submergés	submerged
conversations	conversations
t'attendais	was waiting for you
mérité	deserved
sentiment	feeling
culpabilité	guilt
remuait	stir-fried
entrailles	bowels
risquait	could
l'objet	the object
enquête	survey
durant	during
ruminer	mull over
venue	coming
distribuer	distribute
emplois	jobs
sien	his
commun	common
botanique	botanical
cultivait	cultivated
considérer	consider
punis	punished
l'ordinaire	the ordinary
attendant	waiting
chourave	chourave
bandages	bandages
éprouva	felt
apercevant	seeing
écharpe	scarf
potelée	chubby
coiffée	wearing
maculés	stained
s'évanouir	vanish
impeccable	impeccable
dorés	golden
brillaient	shone
bordé	lined
radieux	radiant
soigner	treat
n'allez	not going to
exotiques	exotic
serre	greenhouse
gaieté	gaiety
habituelle	usual
classes	classes
déroulées	place
intéressantes	interesting
dangereuses	dangerous
ceinture	belt
respira	breathed
d'engrais	fertilizer
mêlée	melee
parfum	perfume
entêtant	heady
répandaient	spread
géantes	giant
parapluie	umbrella
s'apprêtait	was about
juger	judge
renfrognée	scowling
ferma	closed
poursuivit-il	he went on
blanches	white
resplendissant	resplendent
désarçonné	unseated
serais	would be
gifles	slapping
évident	obvious
l'extraordinaire	the extraordinary
faculté	faculty
d'exhiber	exhibit
virus	virus
recommencer	again
goûté	tasted
attirer	attract
auras	auras
penses	think
facile	easy
entier	integer
vague	wave
réputation	reputation
certaines	some
glorieux	glorious
charmeur	charmer
décerné	awarded
lectrices	readers
sorcière-hebdo	witch-hebdo
adressa	addressed
chaleureux	warm
souvenant	remembering
censé	supposed to
rejoindre	join
tréteaux	trestle
disposés	willing
cache-oreilles	cache-ears
rempoter	repot
mandragores	mandrakes
annonça-t-elle	she announced
quelles	what
propriétés	properties
mandragore	mandrake
possède	has
puissantes	powerful
curatives	healing
récita-t-elle	murmured it
manuel	manual
l'utilise	the uses
d'origine	original
santé	health
victimes	victims
métamorphoses	metamorphoses
ingrédient	ingredient
essentiel	essential
entrant	incoming
composition	composition
nombreux	many
antidotes	antidotes
plante	plant
dangereuse	dangerous
accrocher	hang
quiconque	anyone
l'entend	the means
bacs	bins
touffues	bushy
violacées	purplish
paire	pair
vérifiez	check
recouvertes	covered
levant	rising
pouce	inch
pourrez	can
mettez-les	put the
soigneusement	carefully
protégées	protected
boules	balls
rosés	rosé
retroussa	retroussa
l'arracha	tore it off
racines	roots
laid	ugly
feuilles	leaves
sortaient	out
marbrée	marbled
évidence	obviously
hurlait	screaming
pleins	full
poumons	lungs
l'enterrant	the burying
compost	compost
pouces	inches
stade	stage
infantile	infant
neutre	neutral
étonnant	amazing
d'arroser	watering
bégonias	begonias
assommer	knock out
sûre	safe
d'école	school
assurez-vous	make sure you
travaillez	work
mettez	put
trouverez	find
pots	pots
voudrez	want to
sacs	bags
tentacula	tentacula
vénéneuse	poisonous
épineuse	thorny
rétracta	rétracta
tentacules	tentacles
sournoisement	slyly
glissés	dragged
rejoints	joined
bouclés	curly
connaissait	knew
m'appelle	call me
justin	justin
finch-fletchley	finch-fletchley
claironnante	claironnante
matières	materials
remplissaient	filled
base	base
coincé	stuck
cabine	cabin
téléphonique	telephone
loup-garou	loup-garou
fabuleux	fabulous
normalement	normally
eton	eton
d'angleterre	of england
préfère	prefer
déçue	disappointed
n'eurent	had
exigeaient	required
l'opération	the operation
l'était	the was
n'aimaient	didn
arrachées	torn
tortillaient	tortillaient
poings	fists
essayaient	tried
mordre	bite
nage	swimming
exigeante	demanding
sorti	out
changer	change
scarabée	beetle
l'animal	the animal
courait	ran
éprouvait	felt
difficultés	difficulties
rafistoler	patching up
collant	sticky
lançait	launched
étincelles	sparks
dégageant	releasing
malodorante	smelly
soulagé	relieved
sonner	ring
agitait	agitated
machin	machin
s'exclama-t-il	exclaimed,-t-he
ecris	write
achète	buy
crépiter	sizzle
reçoive	receive
allèrent	went
boutons	buttons
impeccables	impeccable
après-midi	afternoon
détourner	divert
cœurs	hearts
l'emploi	employment
écarlates	scarlet
arracha	tore
maussade	gloomy
replongeait	replongeait
parlèrent	spoke
fixement	staring
paralysé	paralyzed
colin	colin
crivey	crivey
esquissant	sketching
dérangerait	mind
prenais	took
intrigué	intrigued
prouver	prove
s'approchant	approaching
copain	buddy
développe	develops
pellicule	film
potion	potion
bougera	move
hein	eh
bizarres	weird
savais	knew
laitier	dairy
croyait	believed
j'essaye	I try
envoyer	send
implorant	imploring
mettrais	would
voudras	like
dédicacer	autograph
dédicacée	autographed
dédicaces	dedications
cinglante	stinging
résonna	rang
arrêté	stopped
flanqué	flanked
crabbe	crabbe
goyle	goyle
allures	gait / movement
voyous	rogue
rang	rank
distribue	distributes
dédicacées	autographed
cantonnade	cantonnade
serrés	tight
ferme-la	farm-the
jaloux	jealous
présents	present
l'écoutaient	listened to it
défiguré	disfigured
suffise	suffice
trou	hole
ricanaient	ricanaient
bêtement	stupidly
fera	will
cessa	ceased
caresser	caress
perçante	piercing
s'esclaffèrent	hooted with laughter when they
bruyamment	loudly
rafistolée	rafistolée
j'entends	I hear
flottant	floating
dédicace	dedication
voulut	wanted
interrompu	interrupted
réunis	together
immobilisé	locked
goguenard	bantering
double	double
rêver	dream
signerons	sign
maladroitement	awkwardly
retentissait	there was a tremendous burst
signaler	report
reprise	recovery
paternel	paternal
copains	buddies
protestations	protests
l'entraîna	the led
conseil	council
viendra	will come
auteur	author
s'assirent	sat
cuire	cook
espérer	hope
fonder	based
fan-club	fan-club
entende	hear
club	club
clignait	clignait
pointé	pointed
merlin	merlin
membre	member
honoraire	honorary
ligue	league
lauréat	winner
parlons	let's talk about
croyez-moi	believe me
rires	laughter
faibles	low
sourires	smiles
questionnaire	questionnaire
retenu	retained
distribua	distributed
questionnaires	questionnaires
l'ambition	the ambition
secrète	secret
exploit	feat
réalisé	made
pages	pages
l'anniversaire	the anniversary
copies	copies
lilas	lilac
indiqué	indicated
relire	read
explique	explains
l'harmonie	harmony
hommes	men
dirais	would say
m'offrait	offered me
magnum	magnum
d'ogden's	of ogden's
firewhisky	firewhisky
canaille	canaille
d'incrédulité	of disbelief
secoués	shaken
buvait	drank
prononça	spoke
miss	miss
ambition	ambition
marque	brand
produits	products
intégralement	full
copie	copy
armer	arm
soient	are
belles	beautiful
peurs	fears
sachez	be aware
fâcheux	unfortunate
malgré	despite
recouvrait	covered
cessé	stopped
recroquevillait	shrivelled
énerver	excited
retenaient	holding
découvrit	discovered
lutins	goblins
cornouaille	cornwall
fraîchement	freshly
capturés	captured
retenir	remember
éclat	glow
confondre	confused
dangereux	dangerous
s'étranglant	if strangling
soyez	be
agitant	waving
agacé	annoyed
pestes	sluts
diaboliques	evil
hauts	senior
vingtaine	twenty
centimètres	centimeters
électrique	electric
pointues	sharp
aiguës	acute
perruches	parakeets
disputer	play
découverte	discovery
piailler	squeak
s'agiter	shake
tapant	typing
grimaces	funny faces
charivari	charivari
indescriptible	indescribable
répandirent	spread
filant	spinning
fusées	rockets
attrapèrent	caught
soulevèrent	rose
fracassèrent	fracassèrent
s'enfuirent	fled
répandant	spreading
pluie	rain
brisé	broken
entreprirent	started
dévaster	devastate
consciencieusement	conscientiously
d'efficacité	efficiency
encriers	ink
renversèrent	overpowered
lacérèrent	lacérèrent
papiers	papers
arrachèrent	rent
tableaux	tables
corbeille	trash
s'emparèrent	seized
intacts	intact
balançait	rocking
lustre	chandelier
attrapez-les	catch-the
mutinlutin	mutinlutin
malinpesti	malinpesti
évitant	avoiding
ruée	rush
relatif	on
s'ensuivit	followed
demanderai	ask
passant	from
bonhomme	man
travaux	work
pratiques	practices
immobilisa	immobilized
enferma	locked up
d'attraper	to catch
lutin	pixie
tirait	drew
langue	language
prodiges	wonders
accomplis	made
prétend	claims
sang-de-bourbe	blood-of-mire
drÔle	funny
d'éviter	to avoid
emploi	employment
répéter	repeat
s'entendre	agree
exaspéré	enraged
désastreux	disastrous
refusait	refused
obstinément	stubbornly
fonctionner	function
convenablement	properly
fâché	angry
week-end	weekend
samedi	Saturday
brutalement	brutally
matinale	morning
l'aurait	would have
souhaité	desired
olivier	olivier
dubois	dubois
secouait	shaking
ménagement	mercy
sixième	sixth
capitaine	captain
qu'essquiya	that essquiya
ensommeillée	ensommeillée
séance	session
filet	net
levé	survey
protesta-t-il	protested-t-he
d'enthousiasme	enthusiasm
frisait	close to historic
démence	dementia
attrape	grabs
frissonnant	shivering
recherche	search
courageux	brave
terrain	field
d'heure	time
revêtu	coated
cape	cape
griffonna	scribbled
colimaçon	spiral
précipités	precipitates
dévalait	dévalait
développer	develop
interdit	prohibited
blanc	white
image	image
photographique	photographic
résistait	resisted
refusant	refusing
catégoriquement	categorically
cadre	framework
cliché	snapshot
finit	ends
abandonner	abandon
lutte	fight
bordure	border
blanche	white
avidité	greed
dissimulé	concealed
attends-moi	wait for me
match	match
préviens	warn
d'excitation	excitation
l'écoutait	listened to it
siècle	century
trottinant	jogging
monté	mounted
ombre	shadow
connais	know
règles	rules
essayent	try
résigné	resigned
complexes	complex
cognards	cognards
batteurs	drummers
armés	armed
battes	bats
repousser	push
servent	serve
souafle	souafle
sert	serves
marquer	mark
comporte	features
poursuiveurs	poursuiveurs
lancent	launch
adverses	adverse
constitués	made
poteaux	posts
fixés	set
cercles	circles
verticaux	vertical
quatrième	fourth
attraper	catch
l'attrapeur	the monkey net
mission	mission
saisir	enter
lorsqu'un	when a
attrapeur	monkey net
parvient	manages
emparer	grab
gagne	wins
cinquante	fifty
gardien	guardian
traversaient	crossed
rosée	dew
insatiable	insatiable
continua	continued
vestiaires	locker rooms
tribunes	forums
bouffis	puffy
alicia	alicia
spinnet	spinnet
occupait	occupied
poursuiveur	poursuiveur
rendormir	back to sleep
katie	katie
bell	bell
angelina	angelina
johnson	johnson
poursuiveuses	poursuiveuses
assises	foundation
passaient	passed
bâiller	yawn
demandais	wondering
étais	was
travaillé	worked
gagner	win
dessin	drawing
tracées	plotted
lignes	lines
flèches	arrows
bouger	move
tortillant	wiggling
chenilles	caterpillars
d'alicia	alicia
ronfler	snoring
interminable	endless
discours	speech
sursaut	startle
ecoutez-moi	listen to me
courroucé	angry
circonstances	circumstances
indépendantes	independent
volonté	will
lors	when
privant	depriving
défaite	defeat
cents	cents
tourmenter	torment
expérimenter	experiment
stratégie	strategy
s'écria-t-il	cried it
n'avez	do
étonné	surprised
tactique	tactical
enfourcha	enfourcha
fouettait	whipped him
efficacement	effectively
bavardage	chat
procura	procura
sensation	sensation
merveilleuse	wonderful
prenaient	took
virage	turn
serré	tight
gradins	bleachers
prenait	took
déclencheur	trigger
amplifié	amplified
désert	desert
répercutait	effect
écho	echo
mentit	lied
accéléra	accelerated
froncés	a frown
n'aime	likes
espion	spy
s'intéresse	if interested
d'espion	spy
groupe	group
flint	flint
réservé	reserved
exprès	express
marcus	marcus
répondit-il	he replied
rusée	sly
troll	troll
filles	girls
toisant	eying
écumant	foaming
soussigné	the undersigned
afin	in order
former	form
distrait	distracted
alignés	aligned
dégoût	disgust
s'accentuait	increased
exhibèrent	exhibèrent
flambant	brand
chromé	chrome
étincelant	sparkling
2001	2001
chassant	chasing
pichenette	flick
grain	grain
brossdur	brossdur
tiennent	take
comparaison	comparison
équipés	equipped
restèrent	stayed
réduits	reduced
fentes	slots
regardez	watch
jouez	play
drapant	draping
d'admirer	admire
offerts	offered
superbes	superb
pourriez	could
tombola	raffle
musée	museum
intéressera	will be of interest to
payé	paid
talent	talent
choisis	selected
superbe	superb
éructa-t-il	éructa-t-he
réaction	reaction
immédiate	immediate
provoqua	caused
s'interposer	come
oses-tu	dare you
fois-ci	time
payer	pay
détonation	detonation
jaillit	springs
frappant	striking
renverse	reverses
vomir	vomit
hurlaient	screaming
plié	folded
vomissait	vomited
luisantes	shiny
n'osait	did not dare to
l'emmener	take
l'aidèrent	helped him
dévalé	down
sautillant	hopping
haut-le-cœur	top-the-heart
fasciné	fascinated
immobile	still
entraînèrent	led
parcourir	browse
séparait	separated
effort	effort
s'ouvrir	open
mauve	purple
buisson	bush
contrecœur	reluctantly
d'aide	help
enverrai	send
m'étonne	amazes me
l'ayez	have
dédicacerai	dédicacerai
aida	aida
tambourina	tambourina
s'éclaira	lit up
viendriez	would come
revenait	back
aidèrent	helped
unique	single
allègrement	happily
s'inquiéter	worry
cracher	spit
bassine	basin
cuivre	copper
débarrasse-toi	you should get rid
sales	sales
bêtes	beasts
grand-chose	much
pencher	look
s'affairait	was busy
crockdur	crockdur
molosse	mastiff
bavait	dribbled
affectueusement	affectionately
grattant	scraping
farfadets	leprechauns
puits	wells
plumé	plucked
n'arrêtait	never stopped
casser	break
racontant	telling
critiquer	criticize
devient	becomes
là-dedans	there
maudit	cursed
l'occuper	the deal
dites-moi	tell me
désignant	designating
injure	insult
relevant	under
transpirait	sweating
traitée	treated
replongea	dove into the water
déverser	pour
scandalisé	scandalized
rugit-il	roars-it
signifie	means
grossier	coarse
insultante	insulting
hoqueta	hoqueta
odieuse	odious
importance	importance
inventé	invented
refaire	redo
fièrement	proudly
répugnante	disgusting
couvrait	covered
épousé	married
aurions	would
aies	have
d'ennuis	trouble
difficilement	hardly
ennui	boredom
collaient	stuck
l'empêchèrent	him
d'ouvrir	open
saisi	seized
soudaine	sudden
reproche	reproach
distribuais	distribuais
mâchoires	jaws
dédicacé	autographed
s'emporta-t-il	if won-t-he
plaisantais	was joking
d'essayer	try
plaire	please
l'arrière	the rear
citrouilles	pumpkins
rocher	rock
halloween	halloween
devraient	should
utilisez	use
engrais	fertilizer
bonnes	good
raisons	reasons
soupçonner	suspect
quasi-certitude	near-certainty
cachée	hidden
officiellement	officially
d'utiliser	use
s'oriente	turns
gavage	gavage
l'amusement	the fun
réprobation	disapproval
rencontrée	met
oblique	oblique
tressaillit	flinched
venant	from
dédica	dédica
arrosé	watered
éloignant	away
précieuses	precious
dirent	said
crachait	spit
réprimant	repressing
l'argenterie	the silverware
trophées	trophies
rusard	rusard
interdiction	ban
l'huile	the oil
argus	argus
concierge	concierge
détesté	hated
redouté	dreaded
aiderez	help
admirateurs	admirers
haussant	raising
laissèrent	left
coupes	cuts
j'échange	I exchange
entraîné	led
l'après-midi	in the afternoon
serrées	tight
l'accueillit	the hosted
chenapan	rascal
eclairées	light
encadrées	framed
signé	signed
quelques-unes	some
écrire	write
exceptionnelle	outstanding
faveur	for
gladys	gladys
gourdenièze	gourdenièze
ferventes	fervent
lenteur	slow
escargot	snail
percevait	perceived
renommée	fame
célébrité	celebrity
l'oublie	forget
diminuaient	decreased
dansait	dancing
visages	faces
mouvants	shifting
écrivit	wrote
douloureuse	painful
millième	thousandth
pourvu	provided
crachotement	crackling
moribondes	dying
figer	freeze
couper	cut
venin	venom
déchire	tears
t'écorche	you scratch
tache	spot
d'encre	ink
s'étala	during
d'écrire	write
répondait	met
best-sellers	best-sellers
record	record
battu	beat
parlais	was talking about
déconcerté	baffled
entendue	heard
parles-tu	are you talking about
t'endormir	going to sleep
best-seller	best-selling
l'aurais	would have
filé	spun
tendait	tended
agréable	nice
monta	went up
enfila	put on
nettoyant	cleaner
muscles	muscles
raides	stiff
grogna-t-il	"he grunted
satisfait	satisfied
froncer	pucker
menti	lied
d'invisible	invisible
s'allongeant	elongating
octobre	October
alentours	around
madame	mrs.
pomfresh	pomfresh
l'infirmière	the nurse
épidémie	epidemic
rhumes	colds
enseignants	teachers
pimentine	pimentine
elle-même	itself
révélait	revealed
efficacité	efficiency
fulgurante	dazzling
secondaire	secondary
fumer	smoking
harcelée	harassed
forcée	forced
sortait	out
entiers	whole
gouttes	drops
transformèrent	transformed
mares	mares
boue	mud
outils	tools
l'enthousiasme	the enthusiasm
d'olivier	olivier
séances	sessions
faibli	weakened
pluvieux	rainy
maculé	dirty
abstraction	abstraction
espionné	spied
performances	performance
traînées	streaks
avion	aircraft
avançait	advanced
chaussures	shoes
boueuses	muddy
préoccupé	concerned
nick	nick
quasi-sans-tête	quasi-without-head
morose	gloomy
remplis	filled
conditions	conditions
marmonnait-il	muttered-it
pourpoint	doublet
orné	adorned
dissimulait	hid
tranché	sliced
s'abattait	butt
torrentielle	torrential
m'avez	I have
repliant	folding
transparente	transparent
rangea	sided
gracieux	graceful
candidature	application
requises	required
exprimait	expressed
profonde	deep
quarante-cinq	forty-five
hache	axe
émoussée	blunt
suffirait	would
chasseurs	hunters
l'approbation	the approval
proprement	properly
tranchée	trench
épargné	spared
souffrance	suffering
secoua	shook
déplier	unfold
pouvons	can
accepter	accept
séparée	separate
comprendrez	understand
activités	activities
telles	such
cheval	horse
regret	regret
informer	inform
remplissez	fill
admis	admitted
d'agréer	yours sincerely
patrick	patrick
delaney-	delaney-
podmore	podmore
fourra	stuffed
tendon	tendon
penserait	think
décapité	beheaded
coupé-	cut-
court-podmore	short-podmore
tracasse	bothering
sachiez	know
serp	serp
étouffée	choked
miaulement	meow
jaunes	yellow
lampes	lamps
teigne	ringworm
chatte	pussy
efflanquée	efflanquée
jouait	played
d'assistante	assistant
d'argus	argus
implacable	relentless
bataille	battle
filer	spinning
grippe	flu
accidentellement	accidentally
projeté	projected
cervelle	brains
cachot	dungeon
matinée	morning
fuyant	fleeing
accusateur	accuser
attiré	attracted
lier	link
animal	animal
tapisserie	tapestry
respiration	breathing
sifflante	wheezing
enveloppée	wrapped
écossaise	scottish
bajoues	jowls
frémissantes	quivering
formée	formed
cochonneries	junk
ajoutant	adding
traces	traces
existaient	existed
d'entrer	to enter
évitaient	avoided
misérable	miserable
dépourvue	free
pétrole	oil
suspendue	suspended
poisson	fish
frit	fried
placards	closets
dossiers	folders
conservait	retained
détail	detail
infligées	inflicted
casier	locker
chaînes	channels
menottes	handcuffs
astiquées	polished
notoriété	awareness
publique	public
suspendre	suspend
étala	spread
remplissons	fill
formulaire	form
crime	crime
n'exagérons	do not exaggerate
récurer	scouring
saletés	dirt
disions	said
souillure	defilement
châtiment	punishment
proposé	proposed
retenant	retaining
tombe	falls
sentence	award
abaissa	lowered
boum	boom
vaciller	waver
peeves	peeves
accès	access
t'aurai	you will
frappeur	batting
menace	threat
permanente	permanent
consternation	dismay
n'aimait	never liked
reconnaissant	recognizing
manifesté	shown
fauteuil	chair
mites	moths
vitmagic	vitmagic
correspondance	correspondence
retira	retired
texte	text
sentez	feel
déboussolé	disoriented
n'osez	dare to
éclate	bursts
solution	solution
problèmes	problems
description	description
méthode	method
proposée	proposed
accompagnée	accompanied
témoignages	testimonials
enthousiastes	enthusiastic
prospectus	prospectus
voulait-il	he wanted to
signifiait-il	meant it
entière	full
remit	gave
s'ouvrait	opened
triomphant	triumphant
mignonne	cute
jetée	pier
cinquantaine	fifty
d'ordinaire	usually
vira	vira
brique	brick
prépara	prepared
submergé	submerged
tiroir	drawer
tordait	twisted
liriez	would playback them
privée	private
néanmoins	nevertheless
flasques	flanges
agitées	rough
tics	tics
sortez	get out
allez-vous-en	are you going to-
j'écrive	I write
rapport	report
restes	remains
fracassée	shattered
convaincre	convince
j'espérais	I was hoping
reconnaissance	recognition
repartirent	arena
refus	refusal
propos	about
l'éviter	avoid
franchi	crossed
surexcitée	horny
serait-ce	would it be
s'agit-il	is it
d'halloween	halloween
centième	hundredth
rengorgeant	rengorgeant
j'organise	I organize
fête	feast
cachots	dungeons
viendront	will
acceptiez	accept
bienvenus	welcome
préférerez	prefer
assister	attend
serai	am
hésita	hesitated
croyez-vous	do you believe
éventuellement	possibly
redescendu	come back down
changé	changed
vivants	living
vanter	boast
assisté	assisted
fêter	celebrate
bougonna	bougonna
réjouissant	pleasing
claire	clear
chaleureuse	warm
ronflait	lay snoring
dansante	dancing
occupés	occupied
bavarder	chat
livraient	engaged
curieuse	curious
expérience	experience
salamandre	salamander
résultat	result
tournoyer	twirl
crachant	spitting
d'explosion	explosion
spectacle	show
entourée	surrounded
jaillissait	flowed
gueule	mouth
déchaînait	unleashed
oublia	forgot
hâtivement	hastily
d'assister	to attend
préparaient	prepared
réunir	together
décorée	decorated
chauves-souris	bats
évidées	hollowed-out
lanternes	lanterns
troupe	troop
squelettes	skeletons
dansants	dancing
assurer	ensure
promesse	promise
autoritaire	authoritarian
irais	go
fines	fine
noires	black
bleuâtre	bluish
l'aspect	the aspect
avançaient	advanced
crissant	squeaking
musique	music
l'embrasure	the recess
draperies	draperies
lugubre	gloomy
invita	invited
s'offrit	offered
translucides	translucent
perle	pearl
piste	track
danse	dance
bondée	crowded
spectrales	spectral
valsaient	valsaient
trentaine	thirty
scies	saws
musicales	musical
jouées	played
musiciens	musicians
estrade	stage
formé	formed
millier	thousand
diffusait	broadcast
buée	fog
réchauffer	warm up
nonnes	nuns
funèbre	funeral
haillons	rags
moine	monk
chevalier	knight
transpercé	pierced
baron	baron
sanglant	bloody
l'horrible	the horrible
ignoré	ignored
spectres	spectra
s'immobilisant	stop
demi-tour	half-round
mimi	mimi
geignarde	whiner
revenaient	returned
hante	haunts
toilettes	toilet
inutilisables	unusable
piquer	prick
crises	crises
inondations	floods
gémir	moan
arrêt	stop
recouverte	covered
approchèrent	approached
gourmand	greedy
figèrent	stopped moving
grimace	grin
horrifiée	horrified
l'odeur	the smell
dégageait	radiated
poissons	fish
pourris	rotten
s'étalaient	lined
amoncellements	piles
gâteaux	cakes
brûlés	burned
charbon	coal
hachis	hash
grouillant	teeming
moisissure	mold
d'honneur	of honor
tombale	tombstone
nicholas	nicholas
mimsy-porpington	mimsy-porpington
1492	1492
flotter	float
prudemment	cautiously
différence	difference
évoluaient	evolved
transparent	transparent
nœud	node
voulez	want to
grignoter	nibble
proposa-t-il	he proposed to institute
aimablement	kindly
tendant	for
cacahuètes	peanuts
pourries	rotten
grossière	coarse
malheureuse	unfortunate
inspiration	inspiration
répétez	repeat
trapue	stout
demi	half
pendants	pending
verres	glasses
épais	thick
faussement	false
enjoué	playful
renifla	sniffed
rusé	cunning
disais	said
paraissais	look
observa	watched
moques	fun
mentir	lie
pleurer	cry
pouffait	pouffait
disent	say
moche	ugly
râleuse	râleuse
boutonneuse	spotted
souffla	blew
secouée	shaken
poursuivie	continued
bombardait	bombarded
tristement	sadly
amusez	have fun
mentirent-ils	mentirent-they
chœur	chorus
l'orchestre	the orchestra
surexcité	excited
chasse	hunting
chevaux	horses
cavalier	jumper
applaudirent	cheered
applaudir	cheer
galopèrent	galopèrent
s'arrêtèrent	stopped
cabrant	at once aroused
élégance	elegance
stature	stature
sonnait	sounded
vas-tu	are you going to
bienvenu	welcome
raide	stiff
l'hilarité	the hilarity
roulé	rolled
n'avoir	have
regarde-toi	take a look at yourself
répondant	respondent
hôte	host
m'accorder	give me
d'attention	attention
podium	podium
baigné	bathed
compagnons	companions
hockey	hockey
utilisant	using
guise	as
d'attirer	to attract
acclamations	cheers
renonça	gave up
remontèrent	went
restera	will
espoir	hope
hâtant	hastening
remontait	back
l'entendit	heard
écorche	barks
mortelle	fatal
s'immobilisa	froze
scrutant	peering
ecoutez	listen
mélange	mix
provenaient	came
poursuivait	continued
empêchait	prevented
chut	shhh
montant	amount
'odeur	'smell
meurtre	murder
parcourut	went through
l'étage	the floor
s'approchèrent	came
tracée	drawn
inscription	registration
scintillait	sparkled
éclairaient	illuminated
ennemis	enemies
l'hÉritier	the heir
prenez	take
dessous	below
flaque	puddle
d'eau	water
rattrapèrent	catching up
penchèrent	immediately
pendue	hanging
torchère	flare
planche	board
figés	frozen
filons	veins
fais-moi	let me
confiance	trust
semblable	similar
lointain	distant
indiqua	said
parvenaient	could
joyeuses	happy
repus	fed
escaliers	stairs
déversait	figure
s'évanouirent	vanished
premiers	first
rompit	broke
l'héritier	the heir
faufilé	snuck
flamboyaient	flamboyaient
habituellement	usually
empourpré	flushed
longuement	long
fraya	fraya
couvrant	covering
cria-t-il	he shouted
stridente	shrill
assassiné	murdered
tuée	killed
détaché	detached
souhaitez	want to
l'utiliser	the use
s'écartèrent	if parted
emboîta	emboîta
entrés	entered
étendit	extended
l'examiner	the review
ausculta	circled
attentif	attentive
papillonnait	papillonnait
ponctués	punctuated
courage	courage
empaillée	stuffed
s'étrangla	if hanged himself
écartés	apart
fait-il	it
pétrifiée	petrified
j'ignore	I don't know
expert	expert
tordit	twisted
cracmol	cracmol
acheva-t-il	completed-t-he
qu'est	that is
mensonges	lies
grinça	shrieked
intervint	intervened
trouvés	found
soupçons	suspicions
faisaient-ils	did they
heure-là	time
n'assistaient-ils	there were present-they
expliquèrent	explained
quasi-sans-	quasi-without-
trouvaient	were
pourront	can
témoigner	witness
étions	were
n'avez-vous	have you
remontés	reassembled
parier	bet
croirait	like
désincarnée	disembodied
voulions	wanted
triomphe	triumph
offraient	offered
satisfaire	meet
n'entendrait	hear
bruyante	noisy
protestation	protest
malfaisant	evil
s'élargit	widens
semble	seems
reprit-il	"he said
peut-	can-
serait-il	would it be
inutile	useless
priver	deprive
privilèges	privileges
décide	decides
personnellement	personally
consente	consent
faudrait	should
assommée	stunned
preuve	proof
répréhensible	objectionable
rayons	ray
innocent	innocent
prouvé	proven
j'exige	I require
parviendrons	will
guérir	heal
patient	patient
plants	plants
atteint	reached
maturité	maturity
ramènera	back
chargerai	will
toutefois	however
supérieur	higher
refermèrent	slid shut
hésitation	hesitation
graffiti	graffiti
vaguement	vaguely
réprimer	suppress
ricanement	sneer
naissent	born
cracmols	cracmols
rares	rare
essaye	try
haine	hate
aigri	embittered
minuit	midnight
prétexte	excuse
parla	spoke
retrouvée	found
reviendrait	would
lieux	places
détergent	detergent
effacer	delete
briller	shine
d'éclat	flash
qu'au	that
perturbée	disturbed
qu'avait	that was
passion	passion
chats	cats
connaissais	knew
vivement	strongly
franchement	frankly
lèvres	lips
tremblaient	the trembling
pareilles	such
finiront	will
cinglé	crazy
sur-le-champ	on-the-field
pétrifier	petrify
l'agression	aggression
occupations	occupations
favorites	favorite
plonger	dive
demandaient	asked
n'obtenaient	did
comprirent	understood
bibliothèque	library
finch-	finch-
fletchley	fletchley
s'enfuit	fled
d'histoire	history
fuite	leak
bête	beast
souviens	remember
idioties	baloney
racontées	told
émergea	emerged
disposée	willing
adresser	contact
empruntés	borrowed
s'asseyant	sitting
d'attente	waiting
regrette	regrets
bouquin	book
légende	legend
justement	precisely
mordant	biting
binns	binns
l'enseignait	taught
l'unique	the unique
amusant	fun
rendu	rendering
continué	continued
habitudes	habits
consulta	consulta
notes	notes
débiter	debit
monotone	monotonous
aspirateur	vacuum cleaner
pouviez	could
réveillèrent	woke
m'occupe	I'm involved
faits	facts
mythes	myths
légendes	legends
sont-elles	are they
fondées	based
l'interrompait	interrupts
discuter	discuss
lente	slow
parlez	talk
extravagante	extravagant
suspendus	suspended
l'intérêt	the interest
manifestait	manifested
pourrais-je	could I
fondé	based
mille	thousand
précise	precise
l'époque	the time
portent	bear
noms	names
godric	godric
helga	helga
rowena	rowena
salazar	salazar
bâti	built
peuple	people
subissaient	were
terribles	terrible
persécutions	persecution
années	years
fondateurs	founders
travaillèrent	worked
parfaite	perfect
harmonie	harmony
recherchaient	looking for
dons	donations
éducation	education
désaccords	disagreements
apparurent	appeared
conflit	conflict
sélectif	selective
seules	only
estimait	estimated
opposa	opposed
pause	break
tortue	turtle
ridée	wrinkled
sources	sources
historiques	historical
dignes	worthy
authentiques	authentic
obscurcis	obscured
hautement	highly
fantaisiste	whimsical
scellé	sealed
authentique	authentic
héritier	heir
contient	contains
chasser	hunt
d'étudier	to study
accompagnait	accompanied
l'assoupissement	the slumber
malaise	discomfort
l'atmosphère	the atmosphere
gardait	kept
doutez	doubt
fouillée	searched
comble	fills
érudits	scholars
découvrir	discover
prétendue	alleged
conclusion	conclusion
n'existe	there is
affabulation	fabrication
destinée	for
naïfs	naive
entendez	hear
monstre	monster
obéir	obey
l'assurer	ensure the
objecta	objected
excédé	exceeded
directeurs	directors
directrices	guidelines
succédé	succeeded
siècles	centuries
découvert	discovered
parvati	parvati
patil	patil
répète	repeat
mythe	myth
construit	built
établis	established
vérifiables	verifiable
replongé	back
torpeur	torpor
frayaient	hailed
déposer	file
j'ignorais	I didn't know
payait	paid
refuserais	'd refuse
repris	taken
envisagé	considered
souvenait	remember
d'immenses	huge
qualités	qualities
sais-tu	do you know
t'aiderait	you would help
singulièrement	singularly
t'envoyer	send you
pressaient	pressed
résister	resist
marée	tide
rappelant	recalling
enfui	away
croient	believe
répondit-elle	she replied
attaquée	attacked
d'humain	human
produite	produced
jetèrent	cast
décrochée	unhooked
brillantes	brilliant
d'indices	indices
brûlure	burn
fente	slot
carreau	tile
montées	mounted
fuir	flee
araignées	spiders
songeuse	pensive
admit	admitted
efforts	efforts
sers	sers
mortes	dead
ours	bear
peluche	plush
araignée	spider
souvenez	remember
essuyée	wiped clean
interrompit	interrupted
qu'habité	that inhabited
apposé	affixed
lavabos	sinks
ébréchés	chipped
endroits	places
rouille	rust
reflétait	reflected
diffusaient	released
bouts	tips
bougeoirs	candle holders
cabines	cabins
écaillées	shelled
l'une	one
d'elles	they
gond	gond
réservoir	tank
percer	drill
menton	chin
toilettes-là	toilets-there
sache	know
joli	nice
demande-lui	ask him
remuant	stirring
chuchotes	chuchotes
fixant	fixing
sanglotante	sobbing
lamenta	lamented
malheurs	woes
agressée	attacked
parages	area
nuit-là	night
m'avait	I had
énervée	upset
revenue	revenue
suicider	suicide
souvenue	remembered
acheva	completed
sanglot	sob
tragique	tragic
cuvette	bowl
refermer	close
étouffés	muffled
tuyauterie	piping
cherche	looking
indices	indices
filez	filez
dînent	dine
empêcherait	prevent
fougue	passion
convaincue	convinced
expulsés	expelled
bouleversée	upset
surexcités	excited
rougissaient	blushed
gâche	waste
chances	chances
préfet-en-chef	prefect-in-chief
j'enlève	I take off
cassant	breaking
astiqué	polished
serve	serve
leçon	lesson
arrêtes	stop
détectives	detectives
j'écris	I write
soir-là	evening
perplexe	puzzled
moins-que-rien	less-than-nothing
sceptique	skeptical
vante	boasts
descendants	descendants
possèdent	have
prudence	caution
violer	violate
d'articles	articles
écoutez-moi	listen to me
puissions	can
pénétrer	enter
polynectar	polynectar
demandèrent	asked
d'écouter	to listen
grommela	grumbled
permet	allows
l'apparence	the appearance
réfléchissez	think about it
disparaît	disappears
d'obtenir	to obtain
recette	recipe
figurait	was
réserve	reserve
n'existait	there was
ouvrage	book
présenter	present
écrite	written
uniquement	only
théorie	theory
croira	believe
cognard	cognard
épisode	episode
amené	led
contentait	just
reconstituant	reconstructing
scènes	scenes
mettaient	put
terrassée	down
délivrant	delivering
humaine	human
régner	reign
paysans	farmers
culture	culture
m'aiderait	help me
venins	venoms
action	action
passoire	strainer
d'accroître	increase
connaissances	knowledge
chaleureusement	warmly
paon	peacock
parut	appeared
admirative	admiring
jolie	pretty
signature	signature
repliait	drew
fébrilement	feverishly
fourrait	fourrait
saison	season
efficace	effective
joué	played
nationale	national
consacrer	devote
combat	combat
n'hésite	do not hesitate
profiter	enjoy
débutant	beginner
indéfinissable	indefinable
contemplaient	contemplated
ébahi	wow!
crétin	moron
turent	silent
pénétrant	penetrating
feutrée	felted
bibliothécaire	librarian
irritable	irritable
vautour	vulture
famélique	half-starved
répéta-t-elle	repeated-t-it
persuadée	convinced
obligée	forced
d'admettre	to admit
revint	returned
moisi	musty
naturel	natural
enfermés	locked
pleurait	crying
prêtaient	lent
s'intéressait	if interested
précieux	precious
piquetées	piquetées
d'humidité	moisture
comprenait	included
conservé	retained
effets	effects
illustrations	illustrations
page	page
dessins	drawings
différents	different
stades	stages
transformation	transformation
l'imagination	the imagination
l'artiste	the artist
chrysopes	lacewing
sangsues	leeches
sisymbre	sisymbre
polygonum	polygonum
murmura-t-elle	she whispered
colonne	column
d'ingrédients	ingredients
corne	horn
bicorne	bicorne
entends	hear
refuse	refuses
truc	trick
contiendrait	would
ongle	nail
d'orteil	toe
l'avoir	have
rajouter	add
rends	give
réserves	reservations
particulières	special
interdites	prohibited
délicate	delicate
doutais	suspected
inciterais	would urge
fabriquons	manufacture
d'ongle	nail
rouvrit	reopened
etant	since
cueilli	culled
vingt	twenty
arrivons	come
ingrédients	ingredients
d'attaquer	attack
vérifiait	checked
environs	surrounding area
arrivais	could
éviterait	avoid
appréhendait	had been dreading
perdrait	lose
l'inquiétait	the worried
d'affronter	face
montée	climb
désir	desire
l'orage	the storm
précipitèrent	ran
souhaiter	wish
revêtirent	put
l'habituel	the usual
d'encouragement	encouragement
qu'olivier	olivier
prononçait	said
servirait	would
entraînés	trained
qu'eux	that they
volé	stolen
vendus	sold
détritus	trash
devras	will have to
saisis-toi	seized-you
nécessaire	necessary
remportions	both winning
pression	pressure
clameur	clamor
dominaient	dominated
supporters	supporters
souhaitaient	wanted
comptaient	had
sifflets	whistles
huées	boos
bibine	booze
serrer	tighten
échangeant	exchanging
menaçants	threatening
mutuellement	mutually
sifflet	whistle
accompagnés	accompanied
s'élevèrent	rose
balafré	scarred
fusée	rocket
démonstration	demonstration
répliquer	replicate
l'évita	the evita
décoiffer	décoiffer
batte	bat
dévier	swerve
adverse	opposing
puissant	powerful
envoya	sent
d'adrian	adrian
pucey	pucey
changea	changed
trajectoire	path
boomerang	boomerang
sifflant	whistling
passait-il	was it
s'acharnaient	were baited
désarçonner	dismounting
attaquant	attacker
frappait	hit
dévia	deflected
tort	wrong
aimant	magnet
maximum	maximum
pleuvoir	rain
déroulait	place
mène	leads
soixante	sixty
zéro	zero
serpentards	serpentards
supériorité	superiority
d'abattre	shoot
obligés	forced
l'attraper	the catch
trafiqué	tampered with
siffler	whistle
mi-temps	half-time
salvateur	saving
foncèrent	foncèrent
d'éloigner	away
moqueries	teasing
écraser	crush
fabriquais	building
d'arrêter	stop
fracasser	sunder
harceler	harass
l'ensorceler	the bewitch
normaux	normal
volez	fly
n'arriverai	do not get
occupez-vous	do you
t'arracher	break away
absurdité	absurdity
interrompt	interrupts
déclare	said
forfait	package
débrouille	doing
idiotie	idiocy
demanda-t-elle	he asked as she
laissez-le	let the
tombait	fell
trahissait	betrayed
tonneaux	barrels
zigzags	zigzags
piqués	books
remontées	lift
chandelle	candle
poursuivant	continuing
narines	nostrils
attaque	attack
spectateurs	spectators
exécutant	running
figures	figures
efficaces	effective
lourd	heavy
exercice	exercise
observant	observing
rideau	curtain
frôler	graze
prépares	prepare
ballet	ballet
aérien	air
évité	avoided
voletait	flew
moquer	fun
foncer	create
lève	up
aperçoive	noticing
vlam	vlam
hésité	hesitated
l'atteindre	the reach
etourdi	etourdi
frapper	hit
embardée	swerve
n'ayant	having
embrumé	misty
aveuglé	blinded
écarquilla	écarquilla
l'attaquait	attacked
s'enfuyant	on the run
valide	valid
sphère	sphere
qu'avec	with
formant	forming
inquiétant	worrying
terrassé	floored
retentissaient	resounded
serrait	tightened
gagné	won
s'évanouit	faints
atroce	atrocious
apaisante	soothing
blessure	injury
alignées	aligned
s'efforçaient	trying
grand-peine	great difficulty
d'enfermer	lock
acharné	hard
découdre	fight
reculez-vous	back away-you
retroussant	rolling up
jade	jade
faiblement	low
moulinets	reels
étrange	strange
dégonflait	dégonflait
pneu	tire
fermés	closed
pires	the worst
craintes	fears
trouvèrent	found
confirmées	confirmed
stupéfaites	astonished
auxquelles	which
mêlait	mixed
frénétique	frantic
produire	produce
l'essentiel	the essential
cassés	broken
pouvez-vous	can you
l'accompagner	accompany
n'aura	will
arranger	arrange
étrangement	strangely
bancal	wobbly
résolut	resolved
gant	glove
caoutchouc	rubber
ressoudé	ressoudé
furieuse	furious
fulmina-t-elle	stormed toward it
soulevant	lifting
ressouder	resolder
arriverai	get
entourait	surrounded
l'aidait	helped
enfiler	thread
caoutchouteux	rubbery
admires	admire
mollusque	mollusk
commettre	commit
erreurs	errors
n'est-ce-pas	is-this-not
chiffon	cloth
bouteille	bottle
l'étiquette	the label
poussoss	poussoss
prévint-elle	warned-it
versant	slope
liquide	liquid
fumant	smoking
pestant	railing
sports	sports
incompétents	incompetent
fabriqué	manufactured
s'enfonçant	sinking
oreillers	pillows
rigoles	flutes
dedans	in
ruisselants	ruisselants
saluer	greet
savon	soap
bonbons	candy
improvisèrent	improvised
promettait	promised
repos	rest
trente-trois	thirty-three
distraction	distraction
lancinante	throbbing
transperçait	pierced
d'échardes	splinters
d'horreur	horror
rendant	making
éponger	mop up
laissez-moi	let me
larme	tear
coulait	flowed
écouté	listened to
n'est-il	is it
retourné	returned
raté	missed
l'éponge	the sponge
soupçon	hint
bloqué	blocked
vigoureusement	vigorously
brûlé	burned
entourés	surrounded
fichait	didn't care
moyens	means
d'avant	before
brûler	burn
correction	correction
retomber	fall
repoussé	pushed
t'étrangle	you strangles
habitué	used
reçoit	receives
moucha	blew her nose
t'habilles-tu	you wear you
distinctif	distinctive
tenus	required
esclavage	slavery
libéré	released
offrent	offer
chaussette	sock
essuya	wiped
choqué	shocked
sauver	save
grièvement	seriously
blessé	injured
lambeaux	shreds
humbles	humble
esclaves	slaves
rebut	scrap
souvient	remember
celui-dont-on-ne-doit-	he-who-are-not-must-
pas-prononcer-le-nom	't-pronounce-the-name
traités	treaties
vermine	vermin
admit-il	admitted it
améliorée	improved
triomphé	triumphed
celui-dont-on-ne-doit-pas-prononcer-le-nom	he-who-are-not-must-not-pronounce-the-name
aube	dawn
flamme	flame
d'espérance	hope
pensaient	thought
finiraient	would
préparent	prepare
produisent	produce
demeurer	stay
figea	froze
frappé	hit
chevet	bedside
carafe	decanter
abattit	cut down
louchant	squinting
raconte-moi	tell me
poignet	wrist
squelettique	skeletal
devrais-je	should I
demandez	ask
prépare	prepares
actions	shares
lorsqu'elles	when they
produiront	will
retournez	return
mêlé	mixed
rentrez	tuck
parte	parte
meilleures	best
amies	friends
premières	first
cibles	targets
d'extase	ecstasy
noble	noble
terrifié	terrified
craquement	crunch
rapprochaient	closer
reculons	backwards
bonnet	bonnet
statue	statue
déposèrent	filed
parlaient	spoke
suivie	followed
enfilait	put on
cardigan	cardigan
s'est-il	is there
agression	aggression
grappe	cluster
raisins	grapes
contracter	contract
douloureusement	painfully
allongée	elongated
permit	allowed
tendues	tense
frissonne	shiver
descendu	down
l'appareil	the device
figées	frozen
agresseur	aggressor
miséricorde	mercy
acre	acre
plastique	plastic
fondu	melted
songeur	pensive
duel	duel
dimanche	Sunday
d'hiver	winter
terriblement	terribly
l'empêchait	the prevented
masser	massage
plier	fold
étirer	stretch
pourras	can
s'habilla	dressed
hâta	haste
partit	left
peiné	pained
manifestent	show
d'intérêt	interest
d'avance	advance
forcé	forced
retournés	returned
refermant	closing
d'éclaboussures	splash
fichu	damn
frousses	frousses
merveille	wonder
faufilant	weaving
crépitement	crackling
allumer	turn on
transporter	carry
spécialités	specialties
fabrication	manufacturing
refermait	closing
flitwick	flitwick
dépêcher	hurry
obtiendra	get
confession	confession
vaudra	worth
vengé	avenged
touffes	tufts
rapporta	reported
abasourdie	stunned
déclara	said
expliqué	explained
dise	say
cache	cache
l'ait	has
rôder	prowl
plongeant	plunging
déguise	disguises
armure	armor
caméléons	chameleons
saupoudrant	sprinkling
froissa	froissa
boule	ball
vidé	emptied
lundi	Monday
multipliaient	multiplied
déplaçaient	moved
groupes	groups
attaqués	attacked
s'aventuraient	ventured
peaux	skins
cachant	hiding
statues	statues
durent	last
l'apoplexie	apoplexy
menaça	threatened
cauchemars	nightmares
trafic	traffic
talismans	talismans
amulettes	amulets
gris-gris	grey-grey
organisé	organized
oignon	onion
cristal	crystal
violet	purple
décomposition	decomposition
puisqu'il	since it
appartenait	belonged
victime	victim
apeuré	frightened
décembre	December
resteraient	would
s'inscrivirent	becoming a
resterait	would
faite	made
intérieur	inside
affronter	face
légendaire	legendary
diversion	diversion
glissera	slip
seriez	would
chahut	ruckus
endormi	asleep
crevant	crevant
jeudi	Thursday
chaudrons	pots
bouillonnaient	raged
balances	scales
circulait	riding
vapeurs	vapors
fétides	foul
remarques	remarks
acerbes	bitter
ricanements	sneers
chouchou	darling
bocal	jar
sachant	knowing
écoperaient	would be paying
s'avisaient	be advised
d'enflure	swelling
préparée	prepared
signal	signal
pétard	firecracker
aspergeant	sprinkling
atteints	with
projections	projections
reçut	received
enfler	swell
ballon	ball
l'ordre	the order
confusion	confusion
antidote	antidote
saurai	know
grosseur	size
melon	melon
d'antidote	antidote
antérieure	earlier
discrètement	discreetly
aspect	aspect
habituel	usual
débris	debris
noircis	blackened
découvre	discover
sûrs	safe
renvoyée	returned
fixait	set
annonçait	announced
touiller	touiller
mixture	mixture
quinzaine	fifteen
rassurer	reassure
s'attendre	expect
écumait	écumait
bouillons	broths
d'affichage	display
épinglé	pinned
d'approcher	to approach
courent	run
l'annonce	the announcement
hâtèrent	hurried
dorée	golden
installée	installed
milliers	thousands
quasi-totalité	almost all
rassemblée	collected
champion	champion
l'estrade	the stage
élégamment	elegantly
accompagné	accompanied
habitude	usual
approchez-vous	approach
m'entend	hear me
enseigner	teach
méthodes	methods
quelconque	any
m'est	I
amples	more
détails	details
renvoie	returns
assistant	wizard
notions	concepts
matière	material
sportivement	sportingly
accepté	accepted
partenaire	partner
préambule	preamble
aurai	will
arrivaient	arrived
s'entre-tuer	kill
rictus	grin
regardé	watched
placèrent	placed
saluèrent	greeted
levèrent	rose
baguettes	chopsticks
épées	swords
tenons	would like
position	position
réglementaire	regulatory
compté	counted
jetterons	will
cherchera	will
l'adversaire	the opponent
brandirent	brandirent
expelliarmus	expelliarmus
soulevé	raised
s'affala	if affala
souliers	shoes
tombé	fallen
dressés	prepared
remontant	going back
assuré	insured
désarmement	disarmament
brown	brown
deviné	guessed
instructive	informative
m'aider	help me
descendirent	went down
répartirent	spread
équipes	teams
s'occupa	took
séparer	separate
mettrez	will
naturellement	naturally
glacial	icy
ferez	will
bulstrode	bulstrode
ironique	ironic
illustration	illustration
carrées	square
mâchoire	jaw
proéminente	prominent
auquel	which
mettez-vous	put yourself
remonté	reassembled
n'oubliez	do not forget
levez	lift
jetez	throw
désarmer	disarm
adversaire	opponent
voulons	want to
d'accident	accident
vacilla	wavered
rictusempra	rictusempra
atteignit	reached
plia	folded
chatouillis	chatouillis
riait	laughed
loyal	fair
erreur	error
articuler	articulate
tarentallegra	tarentallegra
effrénée	unbridled
contrôler	control
finite	finite
incantatem	incantatem
cessèrent	ceased
danser	dance
allongés	elongated
soutenait	supported
s'excusant	apologizing
dégâts	damage
millicent	millicent
abandonnées	discontinued
servaient	served
nues	naked
gémissait	moaning
affrontements	clashes
prenons	take
volontaires	volunteers
sème	sows
désolation	desolation
proposa	proposed
perfide	treacherous
pointera	point
feras	shalt
exécuta	executed
compliqués	complicated
dépêchait	hurry
holà	whoa
sourit	smiles
bloquer	block
plairait	would like
serpensortia	serpensortia
abasourdi	stunned
jaillir	squirt
dressa	set
bougez	move
tranquillement	quietly
occupe	deals
reptile	reptile
crochets	hooks
portèrent	brought
roulettes	casters
miracle	miracle
docile	docile
tuyau	hose
d'arrosage	watering
crainte	fear
n'attaquerait	do not attack
s'attendait	expected
effrayé	scared
calculateur	calculator
déplut	displeased
présageait	presaged
s'écartaient	deviated
maladie	disease
regagné	returned
fourchelang	fourchelang
l'avais	had
langage	language
serpents	snakes
m'arrive	happens to me
constrictor	constrictor
cousin	cousin
brésil	brazil
répandu	widespread
saches	to know
s'énerver	get excited
paniqué	panicked
encourageais	would encourage
l'attaquer	the attack
d'enterrement	burial
répugnant	disgusting
l'aie	the iea
autrement	otherwise
finisse	finish
l'importance	the importance
sourde	deaf
symbolisée	symbolized
arrière-arrière-	back-to-back-
arrière-arrière-petit-fils	back-back-small-wire
inexplicable	inexplicable
environ	about
descendant	descendant
éveillé	awake
entières	whole
neige	snow
pouvait-il	could he
maison-là	house
rappela	reminded
expliquerait	explain
ordonné	ordered
blizzard	blizzard
annulé	cancelled
écharpes	scarves
opération	operation
confier	entrust
devenues	become
indispensables	essential
ruminait	discussed
d'échecs	chess
l'amour	love
tourbillonnait	swirling
absorbés	absorbed
sérieuse	serious
bribes	bits
disaient	said
conseillé	recommended
costaud	beefy
ernie	ernie
nattes	mats
blondes	blondes
réfléchis	think
hannah	hannah
capables	capable
d'honnêtes	honest
parlent	speak
surnommé	dubbed
langue-de-serpent	language-of-snake
général	general
attaqué	attacked
énervé	pissed off
obligeant	forcing
réduit	reduced
miettes	crumbs
concurrence	competition
supporter	bear
éclaté	burst
pétrifiés	petrified
d'ernie	ernie
devenu	now
terrifiés	terrified
mordit	bit
reculé	down
buté	stumbled
poussé	pushed
frémissant	quivering
idées	ideas
générations	generations
détestes	hate
détester	hate
chancelant	tottering
passe-montagne	balaclava
laine	wool
gantée	gloved
relevé	statement
faites-la	do the
expliqua-t-il	he explained
renards	foxes
buveur	drinker
poulailler	chicken coop
broussailleux	bushy
parsemés	dotted
flocons	flakes
résoudre	solve
d'air	air
s'engouffrait	rushing
soufflé	blown
trébucha	stumbled
étendu	extended
stupeur	stupor
transparence	transparency
horizontale	horizontal
décollée	peeled off
côtés	sides
s'enfuyaient	ran away
salles	rooms
secours	relief
innocence	innocence
proie	prey
pote	buddy
caquetant	cackling
mijote	simmers
rôde-t-il	lurking there
saut	jump
périlleux	perilous
quasi-	quasi-
sans-tête	without header
l'arrêter	the stop
fantÔme	ghost
attaaaaaque	attaaaaaque
bang	bang
unes	each
piétiné	trampled
affolés	bewildered
noirci	blackened
réclamer	claim
plaqué	plated
rétablit	restores
ordonna	ordered
s'était-il	was he
qu'ernie	that ernie
théâtral	theatrical
macmillan	macmillan
sautillait	bobbing
chaos	chaos
penchaient	leaning
nick-quasi-sans-	nick-quasi-without-
chanter	sing
ruses	tricks
décidément	decidedly
t'amuse	fun
tirant	pulling
transporté	transported
éventail	range
l'agiter	the shake
noircie	blackened
l'éventail	the range
déserté	deserted
jure	swear
relève	notes
compétence	competence
avancèrent	forth
gargouille	gargoyle
extrême	extreme
sorbet	sorbet
citron	lemon
s'anima	if anima
l'attendait	the expected
escalator	escalator
successifs	successive
emmenèrent	took
reflets	reflections
chatoyants	shimmering
heurtoir	knocker
griffon	griffon
qu'habitait	he was living
l'eurent	had
franchie	taken
l'attendre	the wait
bureaux	offices
visiter	visit
intéressant	interesting
posés	posed
instruments	instruments
bourdonnaient	buzzed
d'anciens	former
somnolaient	somnolaient
cadres	frames
aurait-il	would it
confirmation	confirmation
contourna	rounded
délicatement	gently
doucement	gently
trotte	trots
demandes	applications
maintiens	maintain
contracta	contracted
l'enleva	the removed
reposa	rested
s'adressant	addressing
bougea	moved
caquètement	chatter
d'éructation	of belching
oiseau	bird
d'aspect	aspect
dinde	turkey
plumée	plumée
vitreux	glassy
situation	situation
meure	die
avait-il	had he
s'embrasa	blazed up.
jaillissement	gush
cognant	bumping
quête	quest
fumantes	smoking
tombées	fallen
glousser	squealing
fumseck	fawkes
phénix	phoenix
s'enflamment	ignite
renaissent	reborn
oisillon	chick
fripé	crumpled
l'aies	the aies
combustion	combustion
plumage	plumage
fascinantes	fascinating
charges	expenses
lourdes	heavy
guérison	healing
fidèles	faithful
consumé	consumed
oublier	forget
directorial	directorial
hirsutes	shaggy
malheureux	unhappy
tempêter	rant
jurer	swear
l'auteur	the author
agressions	assault
embarrassé	embarrassed
débarrassait	rid
jointes	joined
accent	emphasis
circonflexe	circumflex
sang-	blood-
de-bourbe	of mire
bouillonnait	bubbled up
souvint	sarah
grandissante	growing
jusqu'alors	until then
etrangement	strangely
inquiéter	worry
traitement	treatment
demandait-on	did they
réservations	reservations
rythme-là	pace
perspective	perspective
inscrit	registered
aillent	go
murmurer	whisper
sentir	feel
pointés	cleared
s'amusaient	played
précéder	precede
marchait	walked
désapprouvait	disapproved
conduite	conduct
disait-il	he said
froideur	coldness
dégage	releases
répliquait	exclaimed
ajoutait	added
goûtait	tasted
gémissait-elle	moaning-it
comptait	had
écarter	aside
d'ail	garlic
s'offensait	if offended
facéties	jokes
rassuré	reassured
répétées	repeated
exaspérer	exasperate
irrité	irritated
brûle	burns
surpasse	surpasses
attribue	assigns
horreurs	horrors
durera	last
termina	finished
s'abattit	beat down
voulaient	wanted
d'apporter	to make
soutien	support
période	period
troublée	troubled
blanchi	bleached
réveillés	woke up
trombe	trombe
rideaux	curtains
garçons	boys
levée	lifting
rajouté	added
paquet	package
fâchée	angry
mordilla	mordilla
apportait	brought
cure-dents	toothpicks
ajouté	added
satisfaisants	satisfactory
splendide	splendid
destiné	for
pull-over	pull-over
spécialement	specially
revue	review
collision	collision
magnifiquement	beautifully
sapins	firs
couvertes	covered
givre	frost
guirlandes	garlands
houx	holly
croisaient	crossed
cantiques	songs
baissait	decreasing
entraîna	led
projet	project
devons	must
supermarché	supermarket
transformerez	transform yourself
prélever	take
débarqueront	disembark
interrogerons	question
poursuivit-elle	she continued
stupéfaite	stunned
somnifère	sleeping pill
arrangez-vous	arrange
trouvent	find
goinfres	greedy
dévorer	devour
seront	will be
endormis	asleep
n'aurez	will not
arracher	snatch
enfermerez	enfermerez
réveil	alarm clock
incrédule	incredulous
interroger	question
flacon	bottle
cheveu	hair
m'étrangler	me strangle
repartie	left
risquent	may
déposé	filed
rampe	ramp
réveillon	new year's eve
niais	silly
bouchée	bite
traîner	hanging out
enfermèrent	imprisoned
seaux	buckets
serpillières	mops
bulles	bubbles
explosaient	exploded
enfermée	locked
allée	alley
lingerie	lingerie
vase	vase
paresseusement	lazily
relisant	rereading
disposerons	will
d'exactement	exactly
normale	normal
ajoute	adds
généreusement	generously
préparés	prepared
couvrit	covered
d'écume	scum
passablement	fairly
l'extrait	the extract
ajoutez	add
écumer	foam
kaki	khaki
brunâtre	brownish
tiendra	will
renverser	reverse
respectives	respective
pinça	pinched
gorgées	sips
chou	cabbage
cuit	cooked
tortiller	squirming
n'allait	did
orteils	toes
impression	print
fondre	melt
fusion	fusion
pantelant	breathless
grandir	grow
s'épaissir	thicken
s'élargir	expand
jointures	joins
saillir	mate
s'étirèrent	if étirèrent
démangeaison	itching
augmenta	increased
déchirant	ripping
devenus	become
subirent	suffered
supplice	torment
gargouillait	gurgled
débarrassa	rid
ressentait	felt
revêtit	arrayed
donnée	given
coupés	cut
brouillaient	blurred my
craquelé	cracked
ternes	dull
enfoncés	sunken
orbites	orbits
gratta	scratched
l'image	the image
jusqu'aux	up to
gorille	gorilla
réel	real
répéta-t-il	he kept telling her
tombera	fall
réfléchir	think
laide	ugly
dépêchez-vous	hurry up
décontenancé	taken aback
expression-là	expression-there
pose	poses
s'inquiéta	if worry
passées	past
vérifié	verified
balance	balance
viennent	come
sous-sol	basement
excuse-moi	excuse me
s'annonçaient	would
faciles	easy
espéré	hoped
labyrinthe	maze
s'enfoncèrent	went
désespérer	despair
s'aperçurent	saw
offensé	offended
répliqua-t-il	he replied
temps-ci	time
différent	different
rengorgéant	rengorgéant
traînante	shuffling
goinfrer	stuff yourself
cherchés	searched
outragé	outraged
envers	to
s'indigna-t-il	grew indignant-t-he
attitude	attitude
d'aimable	amiable
s'excuser	apologize
rattrapa	caught
peter	peter
corrigea	corrected
importe	any
rôdait	was prowling
sang-pur	pure blood
dissimulée	concealed
franchit	crosses
souterraine	underground
brute	gross
verdâtres	greenish
suspendues	suspended
gravé	engraved
compliquées	complicated
ouvragés	crafted
l'écart	the gap
décontracté	casual
écarquiller	stare
stupéfaction	amazement
força	forced
infliger	inflict
amende	fine
d'administration	of directors
accidentée	rugged
démission	resignation
terni	terni
reporter	see
rédiger	write
projets	projects
lois	laws
abandonné	abandoned
commentaire	comment
spéciaux	special
décamper	decamp
lâche	loose
réjoui	pleased
aime	love
crispé	tense
t'arrive	you can
attaques	attacks
étouffer	choke
l'affaire	the case
nomination	appointment
rogaton	rogaton
imaginaire	imaginary
imitant	imitating
lécher	lick
forcèrent	forced
lents	slow
détente	relaxation
saint	saint
l'ami	the friend
traînerait	would drag
parvenue	received
vraie	true
celle-là	this one
d'avouer	to confess
abruti	asshole
risqua	risked
faudra-t-il	will there be a
j'attire	I draw
azkaban	azkaban
lent	slow
continues	continuous
finiras	will
impatient	looking forward
racaille	guy
mêler	mix
parquet	parquet
rougit	blushes
rougi	red
écoulée	past
redevenir	again
j'aille	I go
vraisemblance	likelihood
résonnaient	resounded
sourds	deaf
provenant	from
abandonnèrent	abandoned
commis	committed
conseiller	advisor
cliqueter	click
verrou	lock
manquant	missing
lavabo	sink
fourrure	fur
dépassaient	exceeded
poil	hair
gémit-elle	she moaned
contre-indiquée	contraindicated
animales	animal
moqueur	mocking
rigoler	laugh
s'apercevra	notice
intime	intimate
revinrent	returned
rumeur	rumor
disparition	disappearance
curieux	curious
précipitaient	rushing
épargner	save
poils	hair
soirs	night
apportèrent	brought
moustaches	whiskers
profiterais	would
arrêter	stop
déposant	applicant
figure	figure
reprenaient	resume
marron	brown
doré	golden
l'oreiller	the pillow
rétablissement	recovery
déplia	unfold
lut-il	read it
dors	sor
oreiller	pillow
sauvée	saved
médicaments	drugs
baratineur	baratineur
retournaient	return
cachèrent	hid
l'entendirent-ils	the heard-they
falloir	take
s'éloignèrent	wandered up to
l'angle	the angle
entendaient	heard
mouiller	wet
l'inondation	the flood
éteint	off
pleurs	crying
provenir	come
gargouilla	gargouilla
gémissante	moaning
jetterait	throw
m'occuper	take care
jette	throws
jetons	chips
hurla-t-elle	screamed she
sentira	feel
empêcha	prevented
plaisantes	pleasant
confisqué	confiscated
lecteur	drive
aveugle	blind
sonnets	sonnets
lisait	read
condamné	sentenced
s'arrêter	stop
imbibé	soaked
verra	see
ramassant	picking up
tracé	plot
encre	ink
bavé	drooled
jedusor	jedusor
récompensé	rewarded
services	services
rendus	rendered
l'écusson	the crest
récompense	reward
frotter	rub
souviendrais	remember
mouillées	wet
vierges	virgin
ligne	line
rendez-vous	appointment
rappeler	remember
papetier	paper
vauxhall	vauxhall
road	road
jettes	throw
février	February
débarrassée	free
carnet	book
enthousiaste	enthusiastic
examinant	examining
m'intéresse	I am interested
poulpe	octopus
interrogateur	interrogator
révélé	revealed
d'il	it
réveille-toi	wake up
s'impatienta	got annoyed
démasqué	unmasked
permettrait	would
l'emplacement	the location
actuelles	current
traîne	trolling
raisonnement	reasoning
défaut	default
d'écrit	written
prononçant	speaking
aparecium	aparecium
produsit	produsit
découragée	discouraged
fouilla	fumbled
gomme	gum
révélateur	developer
expliqua-t-elle	explained it
frotta	rubbed
janvier	January
trouvera	find
signifier	mean
enfance	childhood
rangé	tidy
l'inscription	the registration
n'indiquait	did
médaille	medal
mérite	merit
préfets-en-chef	prefects-in-chief
vexée	huffy
recommençait	started
devenaient	became
grincheuses	grumpy
renfermées	contained
grandi	grew up
d'acné	acne
couperons	pull
ferons	will
macérer	soak
retrouvera	find
d'alerte	alert
risqué	risky
résolu	resolved
hiberner	hibernate
demi-siècle	a half-century
partageait	shared
optimiste	optimistic
trahi	betrayed
n'arrangeait	not suited
surgir	arise
chantonnant	humming
vipère	viper
exécutait	running
compléter	complete
affirmé	said
démasquer	unmask
mêle	mixes
moral	moral
souvenirs	memories
tapoté	tapped
remonter	back
trompé	wrong
confetti	confetti
écœuré	sickened
gardaient	kept
joyeuse	joyful
saint-valentin	valentine's day
remercier	thank
quarante-	forty-
tapa	tapa
nains	dwarves
grincheux	grumpy
affublés	decked out
dorées	golden
harpe	harp
cupidons	cupidons
porteurs	holders
messages	messages
transmettre	pass
dis-moi	tell me
quarante-six	forty-six
imbéciles	fools
sillonnèrent	sillonnèrent
agacement	annoyance
changeaient	changed
s'esquiver	if dodge
nain	dwarf
musical	music
tentait	tried
dégager	release
déchirure	tear
déversant	pouring
parchemins	scrolls
brisa	broke
fébriles	febrile
déchiré	torn
n'entende	heard
chanté	sung
corbeau	raven
divin	divine
combattu	fought
vaincu	defeated
volontiers	happy
vaillamment	valiantly
disperser	disperse
pleuraient	crying
trouvaille	find
rends-moi	give me
inscrite	registered
terrifiée	terrified
rends-lui	give him
patience	patience
pratiquer	practice
marqué	marked
soucier	worry about
conséquences	consequences
apprécié	appreciated
cacha	hid
arrêta	stopped
d'étrange	strange
tachés	stained
répandue	widespread
tombant	falling
immaculées	pristine
qu'auparavant	as before
coulé	cast
phénomène	phenomenon
d'humeur	mood
préoccuper	concern
supportait	supported
encrier	inkwell
brilla	shone
aspirée	sucked
tracés	paths
formèrent	formed
suintaient	leaked
suivante	following
tarda	soon
consigné	logged
durable	sustainable
voulez-vous	do you want to
écriture	writing
précipitée	precipitated
époque	time
mensonge	lie
dippet	dippet
écusson	crest
récompenser	reward
m'ordonnant	me ordering
drame	drama
responsable	responsible
était-il	was it
d'emmener	take
l'action	the action
rafale	burst
treize	thirteen
juin	June
case	check
écran	screen
tremblantes	trembling
approcha	approached
coller	paste
basculer	switch
s'élargissait	expanded
d'ombres	shadows
floues	fuzzy
netteté	sharpness
objectif	objective
ronde	round
somnolents	sleepy
ridé	corrugated
frêle	frail
blancs	white
fins	for
eclairé	lit
assurée	insured
accorda	granted
replia	flexed
couchait	set
étranges	strange
entendus	heard
bourdonner	buzz
connu	known
seize	sixteen
vouliez	want to
étroitement	closely
autoriser	allow
habitez	live
orphelinat	orphanage
naissance	birth
l'orphelinat	the orphanage
choisir	choose
prénoms	first names
prénom	first name
elvis	elvis
grand-père	grand-father
compatissant	compassionate
présentes	these
devez	must
déraisonnable	unreasonable
récente	recent
tragédie	tragedy
serez	will be
envisage	plans
fermer	close
situait	was
source	source
redressant	straightening
sauriez-vous	would you know
l'observa	the observed
plissé	pleated
réfléchissait	thinking
châtain-roux	chestnut-red
appela	called
faites-vous	do you
pénétrants	penetrating
souhaita	wished
contrairement	unlike
allumées	lit
entrebâillée	ajar
surveillait	watching
collé	stuck
l'ouverture	the opening
produise	happen
l'affût	the lookout
écarta	separated
l'entrebâillement	round
l'inconnu	the unknown
oubliant	forgetting
bonsoir	hello
rubeus	redglow
dénoncer	denounce
veulent	want to
continuent	continue
monstres	monsters
domestiquer	domesticate
bruissement	rustle
ecarte-toi	rejected-you
aveuglante	blinding
illumina	illumina
l'encadrement	coaching
hérissé	spiky
enchevêtrement	tangle
innombrables	countless
pinces	pliers
aiguisées	sharp
noooooooooon	noooooooooon
totale	total
gouffre	abyss
cornelius	cornelius
fudge	fudge
savaient	knew
monstrueuses	monstrous
d'élever	to raise
baptisé	baptized
touffu	bushy
d'oublier	forget
d'étonnant	amazing
l'apprivoiser	the tame
captivité	captivity
estimer	estimate
méritait	deserved
cherché	sought
regrettait	regretted
attaquait	attacked
l'expulsion	the expulsion
risqua-t-il	risked-t-he
cherchait	was looking for
hésitante	hesitant
aborda	approached
cruciale	crucial
lâché	let go
sanguinaire	bloodthirsty
poilu	hairy
décidèrent	decided
manifeste	manifest
l'agresseur	the attacker
définitivement	definitely
renoncé	waived
lassé	tired
aimable	kind
mars	march
organisèrent	organized
endiablée	furious
enchantée	enchanted
commenceront	begin
pâques	easter
étudier	study
déterminant	determining
avenir	future
options	options
proposées	proposed
fondamentales	the fundamental
ulcérée	ulcerated
m'ait	I have
apprise	learned
doué	gifted
opposer	object
courte	short
durée	duration
vidée	emptied
déchirée	torn
étalée	spread
draps	sheets
couvertures	blankets
tiroirs	drawers
commode	convenient
matelas	mattress
désastre	disaster
toniruante	toniruante
répandus	common
poches	pockets
retournées	returned
précis	specific
rassembla	together
rejoignirent	joined
occupée	occupied
atterré	aghast
forcément	necessarily
rafraîchissait	rafraîchissait
d'observer	observe
incité	prompted
fallu	had to
révèle	reveals
souhaitait	wanted
raviver	revive
équipement	equipment
déchirer	rip
écorcher	skinning
écarquillés	wide open
localiser	locate
faut-il	does it
haussement	shrug
d'épaules	shoulder
fonce	dark
indécis	undecided
bougé	moved
quittaient	left
dépêcha	dispatched
nombreuse	large
esprit	spirit
réconfortante	comforting
subiraient	would
canari	canary
écoutaient	listened to
d'enfourcher	riding
mégaphone	megaphone
joue	plays
prêta	lent
informations	information
veniez	come
détacher	detach
l'autorisa	the authorized
réactions	reactions
partagées	shared
entouraient	surrounded
protestaient	protesting
ouvertement	openly
l'annulation	the cancellation
emmenait	took
étonnamment	surprisingly
penchée	leaning
trouvées	found
d'explication	explanation
d'aujourd'hui	today
communes	common
accompagnera	accompany
entraînements	workouts
reportés	deferred
ultérieure	later
activité	activity
écoutèrent	listen
rarement	rarely
fermeture	closure
pure	pure
renseignements	information
fournir	provide
communiquer	communicate
délai	time
récapitula	récapitula
sains	healthy
saufs	sound
est-	is-
hochements	listening to
approbateurs	approvers
discrets	discrete
d'exprimer	express
pénélope	penelope
deauclaire	deauclaire
préfète	préfète
oserait	dare
étendue	scope
d'hôpital	hospital
dénoncé	denounced
fermait	closed
soupçonnent	suspect
hérité	inherited
faufiler	sneak
attendirent	waited for
rehabillèrent	rehabillèrent
s'enveloppèrent	wrapped themselves
traversée	crossing
nocturnes	night
suspect	suspect
certes	of course
rendait	made
invisibles	invisible
supprimait	removed
faillirent	almost
l'orteil	the toe
d'observation	observation
qu'occupait	that was
éternua	sneezed
éclairées	informed
n'ôtèrent	not stripped
frappèrent	beat
seuil	threshold
arbalète	crossbow
pointée	pointing
aboyait	barking
l'arbalète	the crossbow
m'attendais	was expecting
éteindre	turn off
cassa	cassa
brisée	broken
tasses	cups
bouillante	boiling
tranche	slice
cake	cake
recouvrirent	covered
réfugier	refuge
vérifia	verified
corpulent	corpulent
anxieuse	anxious
disparates	disparate
formaient	formed
costume	costume
rayures	stripes
cravate	tie
patron	boss
cornélius	cornelius
détachant	stain remover
syllabes	syllables
j'intervienne	I should intervene
allées	aisles
antécédents	history
jouent	play
consultés	consulted
qu'éloigner	away
changera	change
flamboyante	flaming
tripotant	fingering
nerveusement	nervously
s'aperçoit	see
reviendra	return
l'emmène	the takes
m'emmener	take me
excuses	apologies
valut	earned
enveloppé	wrapped
approbateur	approver
appelez-vous	do you call
dédaigneux	dismissive
l'on	we
vouliez-vous	did you want to
poli	polished
bleus	blue
navré	sorry
estime	estimated
suspension	suspension
signatures	signatures
réglementaires	regulatory
estimé	estimated
n'étiez	there were
hauteur	height
d'agressions	assault
rythme	pace
enfant	child
conscients	aware
représenterait	would
suspendu	suspended
terme	term
transpiration	sweating
supérieure	upper
verrons	see
voté	voted
arguments	arguments
chantage	blackmail
attirera	attract
conseille	advises
gardiens	guards
d'azkaban	of azkaban
n'aimeraient	would love
panier	basket
condamnés	sentenced
morts	dead
calmez-vous	calm down
irai	go
gronda	gronda
glacés	icy
perde	lose
apercevrez	see
quitté	left
aide	using
demandent	ask
admirables	admirable
regretterons	regret
successeur	successor
tripotait	tripotait
indiqueraient	to indicate
enfilant	threading
marqua	marked
aragog	aragog
l'eau	the water
pervenche	periwinkle
éclos	hatched
arpenter	the pacing
décor	decor
charme	charm
interdits	banned
achever	complete
malades	sick
tiédeur	warmth
retentisse	sound
s'étouffait	choking, grasping
répétait	repeated
prononcées	pronounced
pouvaient-elles	could they
devaient-ils	they had to
l'allusion	the allusion
qu'apparemment	that, apparently,
réticente	reluctant
l'interdiction	the prohibition
gênait	annoyed
déplacer	move
condisciples	classmates
paraissaient	seemed
satisfaits	satisfied
menés	conducted
troupeau	herd
système	system
exaspérant	infuriating
atmosphère	atmosphere
suspicion	suspicion
ravir	delight
arpentait	strode
réjouissait	looking forward
arriverait	happen
baisser	lower
n'interdira	shall prohibit
ouvre	opens
durer	last
assure	ensures
l'intérim	the interim
seriez-vous	would you
candidat	candidate
s'esquisser	if sketch
minces	thin
vote	vote
dirigeant	officer
n'aient	have
entendant	hearing
bondi	bondi
hâtaient	hâtaient
tentative	attempt
ruer	rush
inaperçue	unnoticed
lâchez-moi	let go of me
emmène	takes
animé	animated
soupçonné	suspected
m'excuser	excuse me
bateau	boat
confiées	entrusted
arrachant	snatching
brindille	twig
raisonné	reasoned
catégorique	categorical
sécateur	pruning shears
réjouir	rejoice
dirigent	direct
traînaient	hanging out
s'asseyaient	sat
places	places
habituelles	the usual
esquiver	dodge
fréquentables	being reliable
centaures	centaurs
licornes	unicorns
bondissant	leaping
mines	mines
exaspérés	exasperated
s'adressait	addressed
demeurés	remained
écarté	rejected
emmené	taken
d'évidence	evidence
flatte	flatters
l'arrestation	the arrest
censés	supposed to
écœurante	sickening
considéré	considered
personnage	character
recommandable	recommendable
certitude	certainty
pâlit	pale
lisant	reading
renforça	reinforced
détermination	determination
sujets	topics
éteintes	off
aboiements	barking
donnèrent	gave
collèrent	collèrent
d'aboyer	barking
patte	paw
sycomore	sycamore
lumos	lumos
diffusant	spreading
suffisante	sufficient
solitaires	solitary
fuyaient	fleeing
résignait	résignait
gambadait	gambadait
eclairés	enlightened
marchèrent	marched
éclairer	light
sentier	trail
plongés	immersed
d'épaisses	thick
dissiper	dispel
aventuré	ventured
s'écarter	depart
cellule	cell
recommandé	recommended
reflétaient	reflected
sous-bois	sous-bois
souches	stem
visibles	visible
s'accrochant	clinging
buissons	bushes
basses	low
aboiement	bark
retentissant	resounding
ecoute	listen
droite	right
frayait	spawn
écrasant	crushing
t'entendre	hear you
m'entendre	hear me
immobiles	still
visière	visor
jappement	barking
d'épines	of thorns
japper	yap
débouchèrent	led
clairière	glade
allumés	lit
cercle	circle
l'épais	the thick
formait	formed
d'elle	it
accueillir	welcome
restée	remained
retournée	returned
sauvage	wild
rayées	striped
habituée	used
caressait	caressed
profita	took advantage
clarté	clarity
hérissée	bristling
s'enroula	twined himself
débattre	discuss
apeurés	frightened
profondeurs	depths
emparée	seized
immenses	huge
poilues	hairy
prisonnier	prisoner
débattant	debating
vainement	in vain
plongée	diving
dissipa	cleared
distinguer	distinguish
réussit	successful
fosse	pit
sillonner	criss-cross
d'énormes	huge
camion	truck
pourvus	filled
paires	pairs
d'yeux	eyes
gigantesques	gigantic
l'effroyable	the appalling
escarpée	steep
dôme	dome
d'araignée	spider
congénères	congeners
transportait	carrying
l'araignée	the spider
atterrirent	landed
recroquevillé	curled up
muet	mute
relâcher	release
cliquetaient	cliquetaient
éléphant	elephant
grisonnaient	grisonnaient
laiteux	milky
qu'y	what is
a-t-il	there
cliqueta	cliqueta
capturé	captured
étrangers	foreign
tuez-les	kill them
d'hommes	men
haletante	panting
perçut	perceived
calmement	calmly
l'ont	have
l'imitèrent	the imitated
produisaient	produced
rendaient	made
croyaient	believed
appelaient	called
n'habitiez	do not live in
couvrir	cover
voyageur	traveller
accusé	accused
protégé	protected
mosag	mosag
bonté	goodness
instinct	instinct
aimons	love
s'attaque	attack
noyées	drowned
mises	updates
ancienne	old
craignons	fear
supplié	begged
promenait	walking
nommons	call
l'atroce	the atrocious
resserra	tightened
l'énergie	the energy
désespoir	despair
bruissements	sounds
interdis	wouldn't
viande	meat
fraîche	fresh
s'aventure	if adventure
adieu	farewell
repoussantes	repel cleaners
gourmande	greedy
chèrement	dearly
illuminait	illuminated
brusque	sudden
incendie	fire
klaxon	horn
bousculant	hustling
interminables	endless
crissement	squealing
pneus	tires
portières	doors
ruant	kicking
s'installant	if installing
démarrèrent	started
s'enfonça	sank
cinglaient	grasped
habilement	skillfully
rétroviseur	rear view mirror
extérieur	outside
cahots	bumps
végétation	vegetation
dense	dense
cogner	banging
esprits	spirits
fixes	fixed
réfugié	refugee
pardonnerai	forgive
qu'aragog	that aragog
croit	believes
mené	led
l'innocence	the innocence
braises	embers
consumaient	consuming
ôtèrent	stripped
déshabiller	undress
repensa	thought
cachait	hid
s'allongea	lain
impasse	impasse
somnoler	dozing
gémissement	moaning
jappements	barking
trouvée	found
suffisait	enough
d'échapper	to escape
surveillance	monitoring
chassa	drove
faisons	do
puissiez	can
conséquent	result
dérouleront	place
réviser	review
murmures	whispers
fronça	frowned
consigne	set
est-il	is it
mesurer	measure
lapins	rabbits
pantoufles	slippers
qu'avait-il	what had he
s'adressa	addressed
revient	returns
lancèrent	launched
reprennent	resume
tumulte	tumult
apaisé	appeased
m'informer	inform me
prêtes	ready
coupées	cut
serons	will be
ranimer	revive
termine	ends
capture	capture
participait	participated
réveillera	wake up
terminés	ended
tordre	twist
convenaient	agreed
meurs	die
d'inspection	inspection
décharge	discharge
d'effroi	dread
d'anormal	abnormal
tombée	fallen
tiendrait	would
dis-nous	tell us
promets	promise
moquera	ridiculed,
pains	bread
présentait	presented
démenti	denial
d'escorter	escort
souvenez-vous	remember
déclara-t-il	he said
réveilleront	wake up
prononceront	vote
mesures	measures
recoiffer	recoiffer
latéral	side
pensions	pensions
souffrir	suffer
n'assisterez	do not attend
dites	tell
moucher	blow
excuse	excuse
admiratif	admiring
permission	permission
fit-elle	"she
rendirent	made
s'adresser	contact
par-derrière	from behind
froissé	crumpled
crispés	twitchy
déplaçant	moving
tâche	task
aisée	easy
feuille	sheet
parvenir	send
arrachée	torn
hantent	haunt
contrées	lands
basilic	basil
atteindre	reach
d'années	years
naît	born
couvé	hatched
recourt	uses
singulières	singular
outre	in addition to
meurtriers	murderers
condamnent	condemn
croise	crosses
répand	spreading
redoute	redoubt
fatal	fatal
d'aventure	adventure
d'illuminer	to illuminate
l'explication	the explanation
mystérieuse	mysterious
j'était	I was
s'exprimait	speaking
réfléchit	thinking
reflet	reflection
relut	read
éléments	elements
concordaient	consistent
coqs	cocks
déplaçait	moved
plomberie	plumbing
j'entendais	I heard
heure-ci	time
lambrissée	panelled
énervés	edgy
sonne	sounds
amplifiée	amplified
attendus	expected
capes	capes
cachons-nous	let's be honest-we
racontera	tell
sentaient	felt
regagnaient	returned
capturée	captured
emmenée	her
enseignait	taught
crispée	creased
dossier	folder
squelette	skeleton
reposera	will
laissée	left
insensé	foolish
éternel	lord
m'étais	I was
manqué	missed
qu'exprimait	expressed in
agissiez	act
pâli	faded
disiez-vous	you said
saviez	did
flûtée	the flute-like
regrettiez	regrettiez
menée	conducted
collègues	colleagues
fixaient	set
comptons	count
désespérés	desperate
remarquait	noticed
étriqué	skimpy
l'aurons	the will
direz	say
s'enfermer	lock
crépuscule	twilight
incapables	unable
imbécillités	imbécillités
vivante	living
abrite	houses
abattus	slaughtered
désolés	sorry
n'essaya	not tried
divers	various
témoignaient	testified
s'entrouvrit	if entrouvrit
croyons	believe
malles	trunks
ouvertes	open
malle	malle
jetés	thrown
pêle-mêle	jumble
photographies	photographs
accrochées	hung
boîtes	boxes
posées	asked
affiche	displays
appel	call
urgent	urgent
bouleversé	upset
empilant	stacking
pardessus	overcoat
fier	proud
écrits	written
arménien	Armenian
s'habiller	dress
bec-de-lièvre	cleft lip
réaliste	realistic
attribué	assigned
exploits	exploits
précisément	precisely
jetais	cast
oublient	forget
réussis	successful
vois-tu	do you see
accomplir	to accomplish
verrouilla	locked
colporter	peddle
vendrais	would want to sell
#8212	#8212
échappa	escaped
menaçait	threatened
conduisirent	led
tremblait	shaking
flattée	flattered
abominable	abominable
délectation	relish
qu'olive	that olive
hornby	hornby
moquée	mocked
frappée	hit
gonfla	gonfla
d'importance	of importance
engourdi	numb
sentie	felt
rêveur	dreamer
décidée	decided
hanter	haunt
olive	olive
regretté	late
pointant	pointing
d'extraordinaire	extraordinary
l'examinèrent	the examined
robinets	faucets
d'arrivée	arrival
robinet	faucet
concentra	concentra
ouvre-toi	opens-you
bougeait	moved
reculer	back
pointèrent	pointed out
béante	gaping
servira	will
commença-t-il	he began
dévaler	hurtling
toboggan	slide
obscur	dark
visqueux	viscous
partaient	went
directions	directions
secoué	shaken
sinuosités	twists and turns
insoupçonnées	unsuspected
redevint	once again
horizontal	horizontal
tunnel	tunnel
parois	walls
relevait	was
kilomètres	kilometres
pataugeant	wading
flaques	puddles
recouvraient	covered
monstrueuse	monstrous
fermez	close
tombeau	tomb
marcha	walked
révéla	revealed
éclaira	lit
jonché	littered
d'os	os
contours	contours
paupières	eyelids
entrouvertes	cracked
enroulée	wrapped
dérobées	stolen
levez-vous	stand up
redressé	restated
l'aventure	the adventure
rapporter	report
dirai	tell
tragiquement	tragically
mutilé	mutilated
oubliettes	oblivion
protégea	protected
détachaient	detached
s'écrasaient	crash
d'éboulis	scree
l'amas	the cluster
rocs	rocks
tibias	shins
prendrait	would
rochers	rocks
lézardes	cracks
apparues	appeared
d'aussi	as
l'expérience	the experience
s'effondrer	collapse
prisonnière	prisoner
poignant	poignant
tremblement	shake
repartit	left
contournant	bypassing
tentant	tempting
éboulés	éboulés
l'accompagna	accompanied
nerfs	nerves
redoutait	feared
gravés	engraved
entrelacés	interlaced
émeraudes	emeralds
serties	set
serpents-là	snakes-here
réels	real
vivacité	vivacity
devina	devina
d'émeraudes	emeralds
frémir	simmer
ouvrez	open
piliers	pillars
desquels	which
s'enroulaient	wrapping
sculptés	carved
soutenaient	supported
projetaient	projected
ombres	shadows
tapi	tapi
pilier	pillar
colonnes	columns
répercuté	passed
murailles	walls
obscures	dark
alerte	alert
creuses	off-peak
mouvements	movements
adossée	asset-based
tendre	tender
simiesque	monkey
grisâtres	greyish
reposaient	based
s'agenouilla	knelt down
supplie	beg
était-elle	was it
désespérée	desperate
ballottait	ballottait
adossé	asset-backed
flous	fuzzy
vitres	windows
givrées	frosted
reconnaissable	recognizable
brumeuse	misty
géants	giants
urgents	urgent
aidez-moi	help me
étira	reached
fléchies	inflected
n'arrivera	not going to happen
l'aura	the aura
donnez-moi	give me
d'afficher	view
intéressante	interesting
parlez-vous	are you talking about
confidences	confidences
préoccupations	concerns
dérisoires	ridiculous
moquaient	fun
allait-il	was he going to
l'aimer	love it
l'avidité	greed
fillette	girl
compati	empathized
m'adorait	adored me
comprise	included
m'écrivait-elle	to me, she wrote,
heureuse	happy
poule	hen
séduire	seduce
profondes	deep
obscurs	dark
infiniment	infinitely
suffisant	sufficient
sienne	siena
départir	dispose
écrivait	wrote
récita-t-il	recited to him he
reconnaît	recognizes
soupçonne	suspect
paumes	palms
intervenu	intervened
égale	equal
passionnante	exciting
avide	greedy
s'attarda	lingered
benêt	dumb
piège	trap
d'imaginer	imagine
armando	armando
orphelin	orphan
balourd	exciter
s'attirer	attract
élevant	raising
bébés	babies
possibles	possible
permettait	allowed
l'intelligence	the intelligence
renvoi	reference
soumis	submitted
agaçante	annoying
désinvolte	casual
bénéfice	earnings
conserverait	would
l'être	the be
amener	bring
achevé	completed
philtre	potion
cible	target
paniquer	panic
idiote	silly
agresser	assault
émoi	stir
d'adieu	farewell
amenée	brought
t'attendant	you waiting for
débattue	discussed
crié	shouted
d'énergie	energy
vitale	vital
autonome	stand-alone
viendrais	come
engageant	engaging
vaincre	defeat
rougeâtre	reddish
avides	greedy
scintillantes	sparkling
s'assemblèrent	gathered themselves together
j'utilisais	I used
immonde	foul
légué	bequeathed
coule	flows
abject	abject
forgé	forged
viendrait	would
nom-là	name
contemplait	contemplated
l'orphelin	the orphan
l'assassin	the assassin
décevoir	disappoint
cachez	hide
repoussant	pushing
chassé	chased
s'intensifia	intensified
mélodie	melody
effrayante	scary
frissons	chills
l'échine	the spine
dressèrent	pitched
doublé	doubled
intensité	intensity
surgirent	arose
cygne	swan
voûte	vault
presser	press
crasseux	filthy
étalé	spread
l'écho	the echo
renvoyait	returns
dumbeldore	dumbeldore
t'envoie	sends you
défendre	defend
chanteur	singer
grandissant	growing
revenons	let's go back
fois-là	time
dis-le-moi	tell me
parleras	talk
resteras	tarry
allure	look
évaluant	evaluating
survie	survival
utiles	useful
brillante	brilliant
s'échappait	escaped
floue	fuzzy
solide	solid
abrupt	steep
ajouta-	added-
t-il	t-he
contenue	contained
épave	wreck
conjurer	ward off
vois-	see-
ressemblance	likeness
orphelins	orphans
élevés	high
physiquement	physically
ressemblons	look
brandisse	brandisse
muni	with
armes	weapons
répandre	spread
engourdis	numb
parle-moi	talk to me
remua	stir
rampant	creepy
envol	flight
tue-le	kills-the
ramper	crawl
poussiéreux	dusty
fermées	closed
l'aveuglette	blindly
s'enfoncer	sink
sifflements	whistling
frénétiques	frantic
dressé	upright
oscillait	ranged
ivrogne	drunk
titubante	staggering
détourné	hijacked
hérissées	bristling
tranchants	sharp
sabres	swords
déversa	poured
s'agita	if agita
furieusement	furiously
crevés	punctured
ruisseler	stream
désorienté	disoriented
décrire	describe
angoissant	scary
moments	moments
flots	waves
fendit	split
plaquer	tackle
douceur	smooth
étoffe	fabric
l'enfonça	pierced
aide-moi	help me
l'assommant	stunning
incrustée	keyed
rubis	ruby
sens-le	meaning-the
combattre	fight
brutal	brutal
heurtant	hitting
sanglants	bloody
luisants	shiny
effilés	tapered
mortels	fatal
transpercer	pierce
fourchue	forked
cingla	cingla
attaqua	attacked
visa	visa
l'épée	the sword
transperça	pierced
palais	palace
enfoncé	pressed
convulsions	convulsions
empoigna	grabbed
crochet	hook
brûlante	hot
imprégner	soak up
l'étoffe	the fabric
brouilla	brouilla
fondait	based
pâteuse	pasty
pleure	crying
épaisses	thick
perles	beads
coulaient	flowed
m'asseoir	sit
lointaine	distant
sottement	foolishly
défié	challenged
chère	dear
t'aura	you will
quittait	left
réapparaître	reappear
va-t'en	go
pointait	checks
remède	remedy
blessures	injuries
tournoya	spun
hésiter	hesitation
ruissela	poured
régulier	regular
couler	flow
lame	blade
redressée	straightened
trempée	soaked
ruisselèrent	ruisselèrent
imposé	imposed
percé	pierced
enjambèrent	enjambèrent
cadavre	corpse
résonnant	resonant
raclement	scraping
accélérant	accelerating
l'éboulis	the scree
n'osais	dared
franchissant	crossing
t'expliquerai	will explain
guidés	guided
fredonnait	hummed
chanson	song
l'envers	the upside
d'endroit	place
réfléchi	thought
voleta	voleta
hésitant	hesitating
t'accroches	you hooks
ordinaire	ordinary
prendrez	take
s'accrocha	clung to
dégageaient	released
extraordinairement	extraordinarily
s'envolaient	blew
s'exclamait	exclaimed
ébouriffés	tousled
envolée	soaring
maculées	stained
rougir	blush
beûrk	beûrk
rivale	rival
plaisanter	joke
halo	halo
rÉcompense	reward
croisées	cross
jetait	cast
aimerions	would like to
libéra	freed
étreinte	hug
l'écouta	listened to him
violant	violating
articles	articles
diable	devil
poursuite	further
coté	side
renvoyaient	return
pourraient-ils	could they
manipulée	handled
instinctivement	instinctively
esquissa	lips
envoûter	enchanted
données	data
actuelle	current
forêts	forests
d'albanie	albania
bredouilla	gabble
qui-vous-savez	who-you-know
brûlées	burned
abasourdis	stunned
autrefois	once
voyagé	traveled
traversé	crossed
fréquenté	attended
livré	delivered
expériences	experiences
maléfiques	evil
réapparu	reappeared
traits	features
établir	establish
lien	link
j'écrivais	I wrote
d'agir	to act
qu'inspiré	that inspired
donnés	given
épreuve	test
sanction	penalty
âgés	older
avisés	notified
aveuglés	blinded
couchée	lying
d'administrer	administer
séquelles	sequelae
ébranlé	shaken
cuisines	kitchens
incertain	uncertain
avertis	warned
surprenais	surprised
enfreindre	break
prouve	proves
amenés	brought
contredire	to contradict
l'ecole	the school
par-	by-
éteinte	off
d'épée	sword
prêtera	loan
assieds-toi	sit down
obéit	obeys
loyauté	loyalty
caressa	stroked
genou	knee
tracassait	bothered her,
argentés	silver
penses-tu	do you think
trompe	wrong
transmis	transmitted
intention	intention
devrais	should
appartenaient	belonged
possèdes	have
appréciait	appreciated
l'ingéniosité	the ingenuity
dédain	disdain
règlements	regulations
montrent	show
assommé	knocked out
appartiens	am
suggère	suggests
d'examiner	review
ceci	this
tachée	stained
incrustés	inlaid
étincelaient	sparkled
brûlaient	burned
ravagé	ravaged
abjecte	abject
estimez	feel
voyez-vous	do you see
serein	serene
tempête	storm
revienne	return
qu'après	after
menacé	threatened
malédiction	curse
refusaient	refused
d'approuver	to approve
ricana-t-il	o-t-he
l'intermédiaire	the intermediate
comportement	behavior
judicieux	a good idea
masque	mask
imaginez	imagine
éminentes	eminent
agressait	agressait
tuait	killed
effacés	deleted
advenu	fate
raideur	stiffness
possession	possession
dénicher	find
effacé	deleted
vieilles	old
innocentes	innocent
qu'arthur	arthur
nettement	clearly
l'envie	the desire
démangeait	itchy
n'oublie	do not forget
t'attend	waiting for you
s'éloignaient	go
boueuse	muddy
connaîtras	know
mêlaient	mixed
racontes	talking about
attrapée	caught
serviteur	servant
assourdissante	deafening
toucherez	touch
partez	go
s'enveloppa	wrapped herself
promets-moi	promise me
édentée	toothless
celui-dont-	he-who-
on-ne-doit-pas-prononcer-le-nom	we-do-must-not-pronounce-the-name
indice	index
librement	freely
change	exchange
entoura	surrounded
participé	participated
festins	treats
réjouissances	festivities
durèrent	lasted
apparaissant	appearing
assurait	ensured
consécutive	consecutive
annulés	cancelled
annonçant	announcing
saluée	hailed
reprenant	taking
beignet	donut
sympathique	friendly
changements	changes
supprimé	deleted
pavanait	pavanait
compartiment	compartment
distractions	distractions
manquèrent	missed
voyage	travel
s'entraînèrent	practiced
riant	laughing
s'embrasser	kissing
avancée	advanced
ricanant	a chuckle
ralentit	slows down
s'appelle	is called
écrivant	writing
chiffres	figures
appelez-moi	call me
supporterai	enduring
sauront	will
suivaient	followed
d'occasions	opportunities
débrouillé	managed
franchirent	crossed
matieres	contents
1967	1967
galles	wales
l'université	the university
d'exeter	exeter
paris	paris
diplômée	graduate
littérature	literature
française	French
sein	within
l'association	the association
amnesty	amnesty
international	international
enseigné	taught
français	French
1990	1990
germer	sprout
aventures	adventures
l'apprenti	the apprentice
entre-temps	meanwhile
portugal	portugal
journaliste	journalist
portugais	Portuguese
jessica	jessica
divorce	divorce
edimbourg	edinburgh
vivait	lived
précaire	precarious
ressemble	looks like
conte	tale
fées	fairy
agent	agent
manuscrit	manuscript
publication	publication
enchères	auction
etats-unis	united states
avance	advance
versée	paid
jeunesse	youth
parution	release
phénoménal	phenomenal
grande-bretagne	great britain
l'étranger	the foreign
trente	thirty
langues	languages
millions	million
d'exemplaires	copies
l'espace	the space
dix-huit	eighteen
remporté	won
prestigieux	prestigious
publié	published
ventes	sales
adultes	adults
confondus	confused
États-unis	United states
cessent	stop
confirmer	confirm
total	total
prévus	provided
évoluer	evolve
mûrir	mature
éloignée	remote
médias	media
étourdissant	stunning
