chapitre	chapter
3	3
l'avant-garde	the avant-garde
je	I
viens	just
d'être	to be
attaqué	attacked
par	by
des	of
détraqueurs	détraqueurs
et	and
risque	risk
renvoyé	returned
de	of
poudlard	hogwarts
veux	want to
savoir	know
ce	this
qu'il	it
se	is
passe	pass
quand	when
pourrai	can
partir	from
d'ici	here
harry	harry
recopia	recopia
ces	these
mots	words
sur	on
trois	three
parchemins	scrolls
différents	different
dès	as soon
eut	had
rejoint	joined
sa	its
chambre	room
dans	in
la	the
pénombre	penumbra
il	it
adressa	addressed
première	first
à	to
sirius	sirius
deuxième	second
ron	ron
troisième	third
hermione	hermione
chouette	owl
hedwige	hedwig
était	was
partie	part
chasser	hunt
cage	cage
vide	empty
le	the
bureau	office
tournait	turned
en	in
rond	round
attendant	waiting
qu'elle	it
revienne	return
avait	had
toujours	always
aussi	also
mal	evil
tête	head
trop	too
d'idées	ideas
qui	that
lui	him
trottaient	trottaient
pour	for
puisse	can
dormir	sleep
bien	well
que	that
ses	its
yeux	eyes
ferment	close
fatigue	fatigue
son	its
dos	back
faisait	was
souffrir	suffer
depuis	since
ramené	back
dudley	dudley
maison	home
les	the
deux	two
bosses	bumps
-	-
l'endroit	the place
où	where
s'était	had
cogné	banged
fenêtre	window
celui	the
l'avait	had
frappé	hit
l'élançaient	the barking
douloureusement	painfully
tout	all
tournant	turning
autour	around
tiraillé	torn
entre	between
colère	anger
frustration	frustration
grinçant	squeaky
dents	teeth
poings	fists
fermés	closed
jetait	cast
regards	looks
furieux	furious
vers	to
ciel	sky
d'étoiles	star
chaque	each
fois	time
passait	passed
devant	before
avaient	had
été	been
envoyé	sent
madame	mrs.
figg	figg
mundungus	mundungus
suivaient	followed
secret	secret
moindre	less
pas	not
ensuite	then
renvoi	reference
cette	this
audition	hearing
au	the
ministère	department
magie	magic
personne	person
dire	say
quoi	what
parlait	spoke
beuglante	beuglante
a	has
appartenait	belonged
voix	voice
dont	which
l'écho	the echo
si	if
horriblement	horribly
menaçant	threatening
cuisine	kitchen
pourquoi	why
était-il	was it
encore	yet
retenu	retained
ici	here
sans	without
aucune	no
information	information
monde	world
traitait-il	dealt with-it
comme	as
un	a
enfant	child
ne	do
fais	do
plus	more
reste	rest
donna	donna
coup	blow
pied	foot
malle	malle
rangeait	away
toutes	all
affaires	business
d'école	school
mais	but
lieu	place
soulager	relieve
sentit	felt
gros	wholesale
orteil	toe
l'	the
élançant	soaring
cela	this
venait	came
s'ajouter	add
aux	the
autres	other
douleurs	pain
corps	body
moment	time
boitillant	boitillant
s'engouffra	rushed
avec	with
léger	lightweight
bruissement	rustle
d'aile	wing
ressemblant	like
bruit	noise
qu	that
'aurait	'would
pu	could
faire	do
fantôme	ghost
tu	you
as	as
vu	seen
l'heure	the time
grogna	" 
elle	it
atterrissait	landed
haut	top
peux	can
laisser	let
tomber	fall
ça	it
j'ai	I
du	the
boulot	job
toi	you
grands	great
ronds	round
ambrés	amber
d'hedwige	of hedwig
jetèrent	cast
regard	look
plein	full
reproches	blame
par-	by-
dessus	top
grenouille	frog
morte	dead
serrées	tight
bec	bec
là	there
dit	said
ramassant	picking up
rouleaux	rolls
parchemin	parchment
nouant	building
une	a
lanière	thong
cuir	leather
patte	paw
amène-les	take it to the
vite	fast
reviens	come back
leurs	their
réponses	answers
donne-leur	give them
coups	shots
leur	their
sont	are
courtes	short
compris	including
répondit	replied
hululement	howling
étouffé	choked
allez	go
vas	vas
y	there
décolla	took off
immédiatement	immediately
fut	was
s'affala	if affala
lit	bed
habillé	dressed
fixa	fixa
plafond	ceiling
noir	black
inquiétudes	concerns
s'en	in
voulait	wanted
d'avoir	to have
dur	hard
seule	only
amie	friend
numéro	number
4	4
privet	privet
drive	drive
s'excuserait	would apologize
serait	would be
revenue	revenue
d'hermione	of hermione
ils	they
devaient	had to
répondre	reply
rapidement	quickly
pouvaient	could
être	be
courant	current
l'attaque	the attack
probablement	probably
réveillerait-il	wake up-it
lendemain	next day
matin	morning
grandes	large
lettres	letters
sympathiques	friendly
pleine	full
plans	plans
l'emmener	take
terrier	terrier
idée	idea
rassurante	reassuring
calma	calma
s'enfonça	sank
sommeil	sleep
réparateur	repairer
effaça	blotted out
tous	all
soucis	worries
rentra	returned
passa	spent
journée	day
quittant	leaving
aller	go
toeilettes	toeilettes
reprise	recovery
cours	during
tante	aunt
pétunia	petunia
glissa	slipped
nourriture	food
travers	through
chatière	cat flap
l'oncle	uncle
vernon	vernon
installé	installed
ans	years
tôt	early
l'entendait	the intended
approcher	approach
essayait	tried
d'obtenir	to obtain
propos	about
aurait	would
questionner	question
poignée	handle
porte	door
auraient	would
mêmes	same
dursley	dursley
tenaient	held
éloigné	remote
possible	possible
voyait	saw
intérêt	interest
imposer	impose
présence	presence
nouvelle	new
confrontation	confrontation
n'aurait	would
d'	d'
résultats	results
remettre	back
l'inciter	encourage
utiliser	use
d'une	a
façon	how
illégale	illegal
continua	continued
pendant	during
jours	days
entiers	whole
soit	either
frénétique	frantic
l'empêchait	the prevented
concentrer	focus
continuait	continued
tourner	turn
laissé	left
compte	account
totalement	totally
léthargique	lethargic
pouvait	could
rester	stay
immobile	still
allongé	lying
vague	wave
s'angoissant	if nerve-wracking
quelles	what
genres	genres
décisions	decisions
pourraient-ils	could they
prendre	take
contre	against
passerait-il	happen
finalement	finally
expulsé	expelled
baguette	wand
brisée	broken
pourrait-il	could it
pourrait	could
habiter	live
avant	before
chez	in
maintenant	now
connaissait	knew
auquel	which
réellement	actually
s'installer	install
celui-ci	it
suggéré	suggested
an	year
obligé	forced
s'échapper	escape
griffes	claws
gens	people
d'un	a
hippogriffe	hippogriffe
permettrait-on	would it be
vie	life
solitaire	lonely
puisqu'il	since it
mineur	minor
ou	or
déciderait-	decide-
on	it
devrait	should
vivre	live
est-ce	is this
violation	violation
décret	decree
international	international
suffisamment	enough
grave	serious
l'envoyer	send
croupir	rot
cellule	cell
d	d
'azkaban	'azkaban
pensée	thought
l'effleurait	the touched
invariablement	invariably
sautait	jumped
recommençait	started
quatrième	fourth
nuit	night
après	after
disparition	disappearance
trouvait	was
plongé	immersed
phase	phase
d'apathie	apathy
fixés	set
l'esprit	the spirit
presque	almost
vidé	emptied
épuisement	exhaustion
oncle	uncle
retourna	returned
lentement	slowly
mis	put
meilleur	best
costume	costume
arborait	sported
air	air
suffisant	sufficient
nous	we
sortons	let's go out
dit-il	he said
pardon	forgiveness
c'est-à-dire	that is to say,
ta	your
moi	me
tristement	sadly
retournant	returning
triste	sad
contemplation	contemplation
n'as	did
quitter	leave
notre	our
absence	absence
ok	ok
droit	right
d'allumer	turn on
télé	tv
chaîne	string
quelconque	any
autre	other
nos	our
appareils	devices
d'accord	agreement
t'interdis	forbid you
voler	fly
frigo	fridge
vais	'll
fermer	close
clef	key
fais-le	do
lança	launched
furibond	furious
suspicion	suspicion
encontre	against
combativité	fighting spirit
puis	then
sortit	went out
referma	closed
derrière	behind
entendit	heard
serrure	lock
descendre	down
l'escalier	the stairs
quelques	a few
instants	moments
tard	later
portière	door
moteur	engine
suivi	follow-up
crissement	squealing
inimitable	inimitable
pneu	tire
indiqua	said
voiture	car
quittait	left
l'allée	the aisle
moquait	laughing
l'escapade	the getaway
laissait	left
indifférent	indifferent
n'arrivait	there was
même	even
rassembler	gather
assez	enough
d'énergie	energy
lever	sunrise
allumer	turn on
lumière	light
s'	s'
enfonçait	sinking
écoutait	listened to
bruits	noise
soir	evening
entrouverte	ajar
retour	return
inespéré	unexpected
craquements	crunches
tuyauterie	piping
émettait	issued
gargouillis	gurgling
continuel	continual
restait	remained
prostré	prostrate
misère	misery
pensant	thinking
rien	nothing
soudain	suddenly
très	very
distinctement	distinctly
verre	glass
brisé	broken
redressa	straightened
écouta	listened to
attention	attention
c'était	it was
n'avait	had
entendu	heard
silence	silence
revenu	income
s'élevèrent	rose
cambrioleurs	burglars
pensa-t-il	he thought
levant	rising
doucement	gently
apparut	appeared
aussitôt	as soon
n'auraient	would
parlé	spoken
haute	high
quelque	some
personnes	people
déplaçaient	moved
elles	they
faisaient	were
s'occuper	care
qu'elles	they
provoquaient	cause
saisit	captures
table	table
mit	mit
face	in the face of
écoutant	listening to
attentivement	carefully
l'instant	the moment
d'après	after
fit	fit
sursauter	jump
s'ouvrit	opened
figé	frozen
scrutant	peering
palier	bearing
ouvrant	opening
grand	great
oreilles	ears
tenter	try
d'entendre	to hear
d'autres	other
vain	vain
hésita	hesitated
glisser	drag
furtivement	sneak
souplement	loosely
hors	out
sentir	feel
battements	beats
cour	court
l'ombre	the shadow
couloir	hallway
d'entrée	input
distinguait	distinguished
silhouettes	silhouettes
grâce	thanks
lueurs	light
réverbère	street light
traversait	crossed
vitre	glass
dizaine	ten
autant	as much
voir	see
étaient	were
train	train
dévisager	stare
baisse	drop
mon	my
garçon	boy
quelqu'un	someone
prenne	take
l'œil	the eye
ronchonna	ronchonna
basse	low
contrôlait	controlled
baissa	lowered
professeur	professor
maugrey	maugrey
n'aime	likes
beaucoup	a lot
qu'on	we
m'appelle	call me
gronda	gronda
me	me
suis	am
jamais	never
précipiter	rush
enseigner	teach
crois	believe
descends	go down
peu	little
te	te
voit	see
entier	integer
légèrement	slightly
relâcher	release
pression	pressure
bougea	moved
poeils	poeils
bonnes	good
raisons	reasons
gardes	guards
récemment	recently
passé	past
neuf	nine
mois	months
fait	fact
passer	pass
fol	fol
oeil	eye
imposteur	impostor
essayé	tried
tuer	kill
démasqué	unmasked
décider	decide
convenait	should
enrouée	hoarse
va	will
sommes	are
venus	come
chercher	search
d'harry	harry
bond	bond
l'ait	has
lupin	lupin
croire	believe
c'est	it is
vous	you
reste-t-on	rest-t-one
étrangère	foreign
lumos	lumos
bout	end
s'illumina	if illumina
inondant	flooding
clarté	clarity
magique	magic
cligna	blink
visiteurs	visitors
groupés	grouped
escalier	staircase
regardant	looking at
certains	some
relevant	under
apparaître	appear
clairement	clearly
remus	remus
côté	side
qu'encore	that still
jeune	young
semblait	seemed
plutôt	rather
fatigué	tired
point	point
cheveux	hair
gris	grey
qu'au	that
adieux	farewell
robe	dress
rapiécée	repaired
râpée	grated
néanmoins	nevertheless
souriait	smiling
lui-	him-
sourire	smile
parvenir	send
l'état	the state
lequel	which
oh	oh
exactement	exactly
l'air	the air
m'attendais	was expecting
sorcière	witch
illuminé	illuminated
pièce	room
visage	face
pâle	pale
forme	form
cœur	heart
pétillaient	pétillaient
pointes	tips
courts	short
violettes	purple
comment	how
oui	yes
vois	see
magicien	magician
retrait	withdrawal
profonde	deep
lente	slow
portait	wore
anneau	ring
d'or	gold
ressemble	looks like
james	james
part	share
sifflante	wheezing
sorcier	sorcerer
argentés	silver
lili	lili
long	long
ébouriffé	ruffled
nez	nose
n'était	there was
louchait	squinting
désaxés	misfits
l'un	one
d'eux	of them
petit	small
sombre	dark
l'autre	the other
bleu	blue
électrique	electric
c'	c'
murs	walls
portes	doors
l'arrière	the rear
crâne	skull
es	es
sûr	course
ronchonna-t-il	ronchonna-t-he
ca	ca
belle	beautiful
réussite	success
ramenait	back
mangemort	mangemort
pris	taken
apparence	appearance
poser	ask
questions	questions
auxquelles	which
seul	only
vrai	true
potter	potter
moins	less
ait	has
veritaserum	veritaserum
quelle	what
prend	takes
ton	your
patronus	patronus
demanda	asked
cerf	deer
nerveusement	nervously
conscient	aware
braqués	turned
descendit	went down
escaliers	stairs
rangeant	ranking
poche	pocket
arrière	rear
jean	jean
mets	mets
endroit	place
s'allumait	inflamed
sorciers	wizards
fort	fort
s'y	there
brûler	burn
fesses	buttocks
sais	know
donc	so
s'est	is
brûlé	burned
femme	woman
violets	purple
grogner	growl
sécurité	security
élémentaire	elementary
port	port
oublié	forgot
dirigea	led
l'ai	I
ajouta-t-il	he added
irrité	irritated
cependant	however
préférait	preferred
regarder	watch
tendit	handed
main	hand
serrer	tighten
celle	the
vas-tu	are you going to
demanda-t-il	he asked
examinant	examining
b	b
rêvait	dreamed
quatre	four
semaine	week
signe	sign
échapper	escape
toute	any
équipe	team
parfaitement	perfectly
naturel	natural
plan	plan
prévu	expected
longue	long
date	date
jeta	threw
entouraient	surrounded
continuaient	continued
prit	took
conscience	consciousness
peigné	combed
avez	have
vraiment	really
chance	chance
soient	are
sortis	out
ah	ah
s'exclama	exclaimed
attiré	attracted
l'extérieur	outside
ai	I
lettre	letter
poste	post
moldus	muggle
annonçait	announced
qu'ils	they
sélectionné	selected
prix	price
pelouse	lawn
banlieue	suburban
mieux	better
entretenue	maintained
l'angleterre	england
préparent	prepare
assister	attend
remise	discount
croient-ils	they believe
vision	vision
fugace	fleeting
comprendrait	would
n'y	there
aucun	no
vérifie	checks
juste	just
est	is
ordre	order
va-t-on	va-t-on
d'espoir	hope
heu	uh
non	not
poussant	pushing
rivés	riveted
suivirent	followed
risqué	risky
avons	have
établi	established
quartier	district
général	general
incartable	incartable
assis	sitting
buvait	drank
flasque	flange
'il	'it
direction	management
posant	posing
ménager	household
alastor	alastor
désignant	designating
doigt	finger
l'aise	comfortable
bizarre	weird
présenté	presented
pensait	thought
connaître	know
voici	here
nymphadora	nymphadora
frémissement	tremor
préfère	prefer
tonks	tonks
l'appelle	the calls
surnom	nickname
ferais	would
folle	crazy
mère	mother
t'avait	you had
appelée	called
murmura	whispered
kingsley	kingsley
shacklebolt	shacklebolt
désigna	appointed
s'inclina	bowed
elphias	elphias
doge	doge
acquiesça	nodded
dedalus	dedalus
diggle	diggle
déjà	already
rencontrés	met
piaffa	piaffa
excité	excited
faisant	making
chapeau	hat
violet	purple
emmeline	emmeline
vance	vance
majestueux	majestic
portant	bearing
châle	shawl
vert	green
émeraude	emerald
sturgis	sturgis
podmore	podmore
mâchoire	jaw
carré	square
l'épaisse	the thick
chevelure	hair
couleur	color
paille	straw
clin	clin
d'oeil	eye
hestia	hestia
jones	jones
joues	cheeks
roses	roses
noirs	black
assise	sitting
près	near
grille	grid
pain	bread
leva	rose
inclinait	bow
maladroite	awkward
espérait	hoped
qu'	that
continueraient	continue
longtemps	for a long time
précipité	precipitated
scène	scene
combien	how
nombre	number
étonnant	amazing
portées	brought
volontaire	voluntary
venir	come
coin	corner
lèvres	lips
lire	read
pensées	thoughts
fous	crazy
rit	laughs
marmonna	muttered
constituons	are
garde	guard
personnelle	personal
n'attendons	do not expect
signal	signal
disant	saying
voie	way
libre	free
15	15
minutes	minutes
propres	own
s'appelait	called
observant	observing
ma	my
grand-mère	grand-mother
paternelle	paternal
moldu	muggle
fils	son
n'est	there is
qu'une	a
vieille	old
bouse	dung
suppose	guess
change	exchange
dites-moi	tell me
qu'est-ce	what is this
volde	volde
plusieurs	several
sorcières	witches
l'empêchèrent	him
prononcer	pronounce
nom	name
tais-toi	tais-toi
parle	speaks
tant	as
dangereux	dangerous
normal	normal
œil	eye
restant	remaining
fixé	set
bon	good
sang	blood
bloqué	blocked
répugnant	disgusting
débouche	leads
évier	sink
enleva	removed
l'oeil	the eye
orbite	orbit
savez	know
dégoûtant	disgusting
n'est-ce	is this
conversation	conversation
donne-moi	give me
d'eau	water
s'il	if it
plait	please
lave	lava
vaisselle	dishes
propre	own
remplit	fills
l'évier	the sink
jetant	throwing
impatient	looking forward
bande	band
insistants	insistent
commençaient	started
l'ennuyer	the bored
votre	your
plongea	dove
l'eau	the water
poussa	pushed
bas	the bottom
regardaient	watched
vitesse	speed
successivement	successively
présentes	these
pouvoir	power
voyage	travel
fait-on	we
balais	brushes
transplaner	transplaner
surveilleront	monitor
réseau	network
poudre	powder
cheminette	cheminette
mettre	put
place	place
portoloin	portoloin
autorisation	authorization
débrouilles	doing
balai	broom
excellent	excellent
renchérit	adds
montre	watch
quoiqu'	though
préparer	prepare
faut	must
soyons	let's be
prêts	loans
t'aider	help
ravie	happy
suivit	followed
retournait	returned
montait	rose
d'elle	it
curiosité	curiosity
drôle	funny
d'endroit	place
dit-elle	she said
artificiel	artificial
voilà	this is
ajouta-t-elle	"she added,
entrant	incoming
allumée	lit
certainement	certainly
désordre	disorder
confiné	confined
l'intérieur	inside
humeur	mood
massacrante	massacring
guère	little
occupé	busy
ménage	household
plupart	most
livres	books
éparpillés	scattered
terre	earth
distraire	distract
chacun	each
jeté	cast
uns	each
commençait	started
mauvais	bad
besoin	need
sérieux	serious
nettoyage	cleaning
restée	remained
ouverte	open
dévoeilait	dévoeilait
curieux	curious
mélange	mix
d'habits	clothes
robes	dresses
débordaient	outside
répandaient	spread
sol	soil
commença	started
ramasser	pick up
pêle-mêle	jumble
arrêtée	arrested
l'armoire	the cabinet
vérifier	check
miroir	mirror
collé	stuck
pense	think
pensivement	thoughtfully
tirant	pulling
nœud	node
trouves	find
donne	gives
par-dessus	above
livre	book
équipes	teams
quidditch	quidditch
grande	great
bretagne	britain
d'irlande	ireland
reprit	took
plissa	wrinkled
expression	expression
concentration	concentration
tentait	tried
souvenir	remember
chose	thing
seconde	second
rose	pink
chewing	chewing
gum	gum
rapprochant	approximate
rouvrait	re-opening the
metamorphmagus	metamorphmagus
reflet	reflection
glace	ice
inclinant	tilting
sous	under
angles	angles
veut	wants to
changer	change
guise	as
apercevant	seeing
l'expression	the expression
surprise	surprise
née	born
obtenu	obtained
meilleure	best
note	note
dissimulation	concealment
déguisement	disguise
l'entraînement	training
aurors	aurors
avoir	have
génial	awesome
êtes	are
auror	auror
impressionné	impressed
devenir	become
attrapeur	monkey net
mages	the magi
carrière	career
envisagé	considered
ouais	yeah
fierté	pride
d'ancienneté	seniority
n'ai	haven
certifié	certified
l'année	the year
dernière	last
failli	bankrupt
raté	missed
l'épreuve	the test
dérobade	avoidance
pistage	tracking
m'as	me
cassé	broken
assiette	plate
arrivant	arriving
peut-on	can we
apprendre	learn
oubliant	forgetting
complètement	completely
ranger	ranger
partit	left
rire	laugh
déplairait	would
cacher	hide
cicatrice	scar
temps	time
venaient	came
d'éclair	flash
front	front
n'aimait	never liked
regardent	watch
peur	fear
sois	am
d'apprendre	to learn
difficile	difficult
metamorphmagi	metamorphmagi
rares	rare
don	gift
inné	innate
acquis	acquired
magiciens	magicians
ont	have
potion	potion
d'apparence	appearance
dépêchons-nous	hurry up
supposé	assumed
tes	your
bagages	luggage
coupable	guilty
ramassa	picked up
traînaient	hanging out
stupide	stupid
ira	ira
paquetage	package
cria	cried
tournoyer	twirl
mouvement	movement
balayage	scan
plancher	floor
vêtements	clothing
télescope	telescope
horoscopes	horoscopes
rassemblèrent	together
rangé	tidy
enjambant	spanning
fouillis	clutter
contenait	contained
attrapé	caught
tour	tour
capable	able
choses	things
correctement	properly
arrivait	arrived
sorte	so
chaussettes	socks
plient	bend
agitant	waving
sienne	siena
espoir	hope
tortilla	tortilla
faiblement	low
retomba	fell
dis	say
refermant	closing
brutalement	brutally
couvercle	cover
dedans	in
donner	give
pointa	pointa
ordonatus	ordonatus
plumes	feathers
excréments	dung
disparurent	disappeared
doué	gifted
catégorie	category
charmes	charms
chaudron	cauldron
wahouuuu	wahouuuu
éclair	flash
feu	fire
s'écarquillèrent	if écarquillèrent
vit	lives
droite	right
joie	joy
cadeau	gift
prouesse	feat
reconnues	recognized
manière	way
internationale	international
monte	monte
vieux	old
comète	comet
2	2
60	60
envieuse	jealous
intactes	intact
allons-y	let's go
locomotor	locomotor
res	res
s'éleva	rose
centimètres	centimeters
tenant	taking into
chef	chief
d'orchestre	orchestra
planer	hover
eux	them
constatèrent	found
remis	given
tournoyait	billowed
qu'harry	harry
mer	sea
d'examiner	review
micro-onde	micro-wave
riait	laughed
couteau	knife
éplucher	peel
légumes	vegetables
déniché	found
farfouillant	rummaging around
tiroirs	drawers
sceller	seal
adressée	addressed
entraient	entered
minute	minute
devrions	should
doute	doubt
sortir	out
jardin	garden
tenir	take
laisse	leaves
s'inquiètent	worry
arrivera	will
bonne	good
santé	health
alors	then
déprimer	depress
reverras	reverras
l'été	the summer
prochain	next
sourit	smiles
bourru	gruff
t'illusionne	you illusionne
devez	must
sort	fate
illusion	illusion
cape	cape
d'invisibilité	invisibility
restera	will
accroché	hung
épaules	shoulders
vol	flight
dissimuler	hide
efficacement	effectively
sec	dry
sommet	summit
ressentit	felt
curieuse	curious
sensation	sensation
écraser	crush
ouf	phew
l'impression	printing
filets	nets
froids	cold
descendaient	down
niveau	level
l'estomac	the stomach
regarda	looked at
tenta	tried
invisible	invisible
prenait	took
simplement	simply
l'exact	the exact
exact	exact
texture	texture
devenu	now
caméléon	chameleon
humain	human
déverrouillant	unlocking
retrouvèrent	found
magnifiquement	beautifully
scannant	scanning
nuages	clouds
aboya-t-il	barked a-t-he
allons	will
formation	training
serré	tight
serra	serra
protégera	protect
dessous	below
serai	am
décriront	describe
cercles	circles
rompt	breaks
cas	case
clair	clear
d'entre	of
tué	killed
peut	can
arriver	getting
appréhension	apprehension
ignora	ignored
question	question
continuent	continue
s'arrêtent	stop
capturé	captured
t'en	you
tires	tires
tient	holds
prête	ready
suite	suite
cap	cape
l'est	the is
rattrapera	will catch up with
soyez	be
d'optimisme	optimism
sinon	otherwise
arrimant	anchoring
explique	explains
grommela	grumbled
mission	mission
sain	healthy
sauf	except
mourrons	die
mourir	die
calme	quiet
vos	your
premier	first
s'écria	cried
montrant	showing
loin	far
au-dessus	above
gerbe	sheaf
d'étincelles	sparks
rouge	red
vif	bright
milieu	middle
étoiles	star
reconnut	recognized
provenant	from
'une	'a
enjamba	stepped over
agrippa	agrippa
manche	sleeve
vibrer	vibrate
s'élever	rise
airs	air
étincelles	sparks
vertes	green
explosait	exploded
s'élança	darted
fraîcheur	freshness
bel	beautiful
ordonnancement	scheduling
jardins	gardens
disparaissait	disappeared
patchwork	patchwork
carrés	square
couleurs	colors
foncé	dark
balayé	swept
esprit	spirit
vent	wind
sifflait	whistled
sentait	felt
allait	would
exploser	explode
plaisir	fun
volait	flying
enfin	finally
s'échappant	escaping
rêvé	dreamed
rentrait	returning
sujets	topics
préoccupations	concerns
semblaient	seemed to
l'infini	infinity
étoeilé	étoeilé
virage	turn
gauche	left
lève	up
embardée	swerve
suivie	followed
surveillait	watching
balançait	rocking
violemment	violently
hauteur	height
montons	climb
500	500
mètres	meters
s'emplirent	filled with
larmes	tears
cause	cause
froid	cold
prenaient	took
l'altitude	the altitude
d'autre	on the other
têtes	heads
d'épingles	pins
lumineuses	bright
réverbères	street lights
phares	headlights
voitures	cars
points	points
ceux	those
sûrement	surely
chemin	path
fameux	famous
concours	contest
n'existe	there is
éclata	broke out
sonore	sound
couvert	covered
claquements	clicks
harnais	harness
entourait	surrounded
sifflement	whistle
accéléraient	accelerate
senti	felt
vivant	living
heureux	happy
sud	south
ville	city
vue	view
virèrent	bumped
éviter	avoid
toeile	toeile
d'araignée	spider
scintillante	shimmering
formait	formed
sud-est	south-east
continuez	continue
epais	thick
manteau	coat
nuageux	cloudy
perdre	lose
traverser	cross
trempé	tempered
soulagé	relieved
l'entendre	hear
mains	hands
s'engourdissaient	if engourdissaient
regrettait	regretted
pensé	thought
frissonnait	shuddered
poursuivirent	continued
navigation	navigation
fonction	function
instructions	instructions
donnait	gave
plissait	plissait
protéger	protect
glacial	icy
arracher	snatch
rappelait	reminded
eu	had
année	year
match	match
poufsouffle	hufflepuff
orage	storm
décrire	describe
tel	such
d'oiseaux	birds
proie	prey
perdu	lost
notion	concept
demandait	asked
ainsi	as well
heure	time
peut-être	maybe
virement	transfer
sud-ouest	south-west
hurla	screamed
devons	must
l'autoroute	the highway
grelottait	grelottait
tellement	so
arrêt	stop
chaud	hot
circulant	circulating
au-dessous	below
marqué	marked
déplacements	travel
cheminées	chimneys
désagréments	inconvenience
flammes	flames
piqué	stung
chauve	bald
luisaient	shiny
lune	moon
evelyne	evelyne
sortie	output
descente	descent
laissa	let
demi-tour	half-round
assurer	ensure
etes-vous	are you
fou	crazy
l'avant	the front
congelés	frozen
rallonge	extension
n'arrivera	not going to happen
prochaine	next
arrivé	arrived
procédure	procedure
annonça	announced
dirigeaient	ran
ensemble	all
lumières	lights
n'ait	did
l'énorme	the huge
masse	mass
sillonnée	criss-crossed
lignes	lines
brillantes	brilliant
entrecoupées	interspersed
d'obscurité	of darkness
distinguer	distinguish
maisons	houses
antennes	antennas
toits	roofs
d'atteindre	to achieve
d'aide	help
décoller	take off
atterrit	lands
secondes	seconds
posa	posa
square	square
s'occupait	was
décharger	unload
tremblant	tremblant
regardait	watched
façades	facades
sinistres	claims
alentours	around
n'étaient	there were
accueillantes	welcoming
fenêtres	windows
cassées	broken
luisants	shiny
peinture	painting
s'écaillait	peeling off
tas	heap
d'ordures	garbage
s'amoncelaient	fattened
perrons	stoops
sommes-nous	are we
l'interrompit	the interrupted
calmement	calmly
fourrageait	foraged
poches	pockets
noueuses	knotty
rendues	made
maladroites	awkward
murmura-t-il	he murmured
brandissant	waving
briquet	lighter
argent	money
l'allumant	turning
proche	close
s'éteignit	died
pop	pop
jouer	play
nouveau	new
éteignoir	éteignoir
suivant	following
jusqu'à	up to
éteints	off
source	source
rideaux	curtains
emprunté	borrowed
dumbledore	dumbledore
mettra	will
l'abri	the shelter
dépêche	hurry
bras	arm
rue	street
conduire	lead
trottoir	sidewalk
baguettes	chopsticks
dehors	outside
protégeaient	protected
flancs	sides
hi	hi
fi	fi
parvenait	could
étage	floor
suivante	following
odeur	smell
âcre	acrid
pourrissantes	pourrissantes
provenait	came
pile	battery
sacs	bags
poubelle	trash
s'entassaient	there was a pile
portillon	gate
glissant	sliding
morceau	song
lumineux	bright
éclairer	light
texte	text
lis	read
mémorise	stores
fine	fine
écriture	writing
vaguement	vaguely
familière	familiar
disait	said
l'ordre	the order
phénix	phoenix
trouve	find
12	12
grimmauld	grimmauld
londres	london
