7	7
sang-de-bourbe	blood-of-mire
et	and
drÔle	funny
de	of
voix	voice
dans	in
les	the
jours	days
qui	that
suivirent	followed
harry	harry
passa	spent
une	a
bonne	good
partie	part
son	its
temps	time
à	to
se	is
cacher	hide
chaque	each
fois	time
qu'il	it
apercevait	caught sight of
gilderoy	gilderoy
lockhart	lockhart
au	the
bout	end
d'un	a
couloir	hallway
mais	but
il	it
lui	him
était	was
encore	yet
plus	more
difficile	difficult
d'éviter	to avoid
colin	colin
crivey	crivey
avait	had
dû	due
apprendre	learn
par	by
cœur	heart
emploi	employment
du	the
rien	nothing
ne	do
semblait	seemed
donner	give
bonheur	happiness
que	that
répéter	repeat
Ça	It
va	will
six	six
ou	or
sept	seven
jour	day
s'entendre	agree
répondre	reply
salut	hi
même	even
si	if
c'était	it was
sur	on
un	a
ton	your
exaspéré	enraged
hedwige	hedwig
en	in
voulait	wanted
toujours	always
désastreux	disastrous
atterrissage	landing
voiture	car
la	the
baguette	wand
magique	magic
ron	ron
refusait	refused
obstinément	stubbornly
fonctionner	function
convenablement	properly
fut	was
pas	not
fâché	angry
voir	see
le	the
week-end	weekend
arriver	getting
avec	with
hermione	hermione
l'intention	the intention
d'aller	go
rendre	make
visite	visit
hagrid	hagrid
samedi	Saturday
matin	morning
ce	this
jour-là	day
cependant	however
brutalement	brutally
réveillé	woke up
heure	time
beaucoup	a lot
matinale	morning
l'aurait	would have
souhaité	desired
olivier	olivier
dubois	dubois
secouait	shaking
sans	without
ménagement	mercy
élève	student
sixième	sixth
année	year
grand	great
massif	massive
capitaine	captain
l'équipe	the team
quidditch	quidditch
gryffondor	gryffindor
qu'essquiya	that essquiya
balbutia	stammered
d'une	a
ensommeillée	ensommeillée
séance	session
d'entraînement	training
annonça	announced
allez	go
viens	just
ouvrit	opened
œil	eye
direction	management
fenêtre	window
filet	net
brume	mist
flottait	floated
ciel	sky
rosé	rosé
soleil	sun
est	is
peine	penalty
levé	survey
protesta-t-il	protested-t-he
bien	well
vu	seen
on	it
a	has
nouveau	new
programme	program
dit	said
regard	look
lueur	glow
d'enthousiasme	enthusiasm
frisait	close to historic
démence	dementia
attrape	grabs
balai	broom
arrive	happens
nous	we
allons	will
être	be
première	first
équipe	team
entraîner	cause
bâillant	yawning
frissonnant	shivering
sortit	went out
lit	bed
mit	mit
recherche	search
sa	its
robe	dress
bravo	bravo
voilà	this is
garçon	boy
courageux	brave
retrouve	found
terrain	field
quart	quarter
d'heure	time
lorsqu'il	when it
eut	had
trouvé	found
rouge	red
vif	bright
revêtu	coated
cape	cape
pour	for
tenir	take
chaud	hot
griffonna	scribbled
mot	word
dire	say
où	where
puis	then
descendit	went down
l'escalier	the stairs
colimaçon	spiral
nimbus	nimbus
2000	2000
l'épaule	the shoulder
s'apprêtait	was about
sortir	out
salle	room
commune	common
entendit	heard
derrière	behind
bruit	noise
précipités	precipitates
dévalait	dévalait
appareil	device
photo	photo
autour	around
cou	neck
tenait	held
quelque	some
chose	thing
main	hand
j'ai	I
entendu	heard
quelqu'un	someone
prononcer	pronounce
nom	name
dit-il	he said
regarde	look at
là	there
je	I
l'ai	I
fait	fact
développer	develop
voulais	wanted
te	te
montrer	show
ça	it
regarda	looked at
air	air
interdit	prohibited
brandissait	wielding
sous	under
nez	nose
noir	black
blanc	white
tirait	drew
bras	arm
reconnut	recognized
comme	as
sien	his
vit	lives
satisfaction	satisfaction
image	image
photographique	photographic
résistait	resisted
vigueur	force
refusant	refusing
catégoriquement	categorically
d'apparaître	to appear
cadre	framework
cliché	snapshot
finit	ends
abandonner	abandon
lutte	fight
laissa	let
tomber	fall
hors	out
d'haleine	breath
contre	against
bordure	border
blanche	white
tu	you
me	me
dédicaces	dedications
demanda	asked
avidité	greed
non	not
répliqua	replied
sèchement	curtly
désolé	sorry
suis	am
pressé	hurry
glissa	slipped
passage	passage
dissimulé	concealed
portrait	portrait
grosse	big
dame	lady
hé	hey
attends-moi	wait for me
n'ai	haven
jamais	never
match	match
s'engouffra	rushed
tour	tour
préviens	warn
très	very
ennuyeux	boring
précipitamment	hurriedly
yeux	eyes
brillants	brilliant
d'excitation	excitation
l'écoutait	listened to it
as	as
été	been
jeune	young
joueur	player
depuis	since
siècle	century
c'est	it is
trottinant	jogging
côté	side
es	es
vraiment	really
fort	fort
moi	me
monté	mounted
dur	hard
toi	you
meilleur	best
qu'on	we
puisse	can
trouver	find
savait	knew
quoi	what
faire	do
s'en	in
débarrasser	rid
peu	little
ombre	shadow
s'était	had
mise	update
parler	talk
cesse	stops
connais	know
règles	rules
souffle	breath
court	short
vrai	true
y	there
quatre	four
balles	balls
deux	two
d'entre	of
elles	they
essayent	try
joueurs	players
leur	their
oui	yes
soupira	sighed
résigné	resigned
devoir	duty
expliquer	explain
complexes	complex
appelle	calls
des	of
cognards	cognards
batteurs	drummers
armés	armed
battes	bats
sont	are
chargés	loaded
repousser	push
fred	fred
george	george
weasley	weasley
autres	other
servent	serve
souafle	souafle
balle	ball
sert	serves
marquer	mark
buts	goals
comporte	features
trois	three
poursuiveurs	poursuiveurs
lancent	launch
doivent	must
essayer	try
passer	pass
travers	through
adverses	adverse
l'autre	the other
constitués	made
poteaux	posts
hauts	senior
lesquels	which
fixés	set
cercles	circles
verticaux	vertical
quatrième	fourth
d'or	gold
expliqua	explained
minuscule	tiny
rapide	fast
attraper	catch
l'attrapeur	the monkey net
mission	mission
repérer	identify
saisir	enter
peut	can
terminer	finish
tant	as
reste	rest
vol	flight
lorsqu'un	when a
attrapeur	monkey net
parvient	manages
emparer	grab
gagne	wins
cent	cent
cinquante	fifty
points	points
coup	blow
l'air	the air
émerveillé	amazed
répondit	replied
aussi	also
gardien	guardian
but	purpose
ils	they
étaient	were
sortis	out
château	castle
présent	this
traversaient	crossed
pelouse	lawn
humide	wet
rosée	dew
insatiable	insatiable
continua	continued
poser	ask
questions	questions
tout	all
long	long
chemin	path
seulement	only
l'entrée	the entry
vestiaires	locker rooms
parvint	managed
vais	'll
chercher	search
place	place
précipitant	precipitating
vers	to
tribunes	forums
déjà	already
seul	only
avoir	have
parfaitement	perfectly
assis	sitting
côte	coast
bouffis	puffy
cheveux	hair
désordre	disorder
alicia	alicia
spinnet	spinnet
occupait	occupied
postes	posts
poursuiveur	poursuiveur
assise	sitting
d'eux	of them
tête	head
mur	wall
prête	ready
rendormir	back to sleep
katie	katie
bell	bell
angelina	angelina
johnson	johnson
poursuiveuses	poursuiveuses
assises	foundation
banc	bench
d'en	to
face	in the face of
passaient	passed
bâiller	yawn
ah	ah
enfin	finally
demandais	wondering
étais	was
passé	past
s'exclama	exclaimed
alors	then
avant	before
vous	you
mon	my
j'y	I
ai	I
travaillé	worked
l'été	the summer
croyez-moi	believe me
gagner	win
déroula	took place
immense	huge
dessin	drawing
représentant	representative
lequel	which
tracées	plotted
couleurs	colors
différentes	different
toute	any
sorte	so
lignes	lines
flèches	arrows
croix	cross
tapota	tapped
aussitôt	as soon
mirent	started
bouger	move
tortillant	wiggling
chenilles	caterpillars
tandis	while
lançait	launched
grandes	large
explications	explanations
d'alicia	alicia
ronfler	snoring
après	after
interminable	endless
discours	speech
clair	clear
avez	have
venait	came
réveiller	wake up
sursaut	startle
pourquoi	why
raconté	told
hier	yesterday
aille	go
coucher	bedroom
ecoutez-moi	listen to me
tous	all
courroucé	angry
l'année	the year
dernière	last
aurait	would
coupe	cup
loin	far
meilleure	best
malheureusement	unfortunately
circonstances	circumstances
indépendantes	independent
notre	our
volonté	will
mal	evil
l'aise	comfortable
tortilla	tortilla
lors	when
dernier	last
évanoui	fainted
l'infirmerie	the infirmary
privant	depriving
ainsi	as well
présence	presence
subi	suffered
grande	great
défaite	defeat
cents	cents
ans	years
s'interrompit	if interrupted
instant	now
évidence	obviously
souvenir	remember
continuait	continued
tourmenter	torment
donc	so
cette	this
devrons	will have to
maintenant	now
expérimenter	experiment
nouvelle	new
stratégie	strategy
s'écria-t-il	cried it
saisissant	entering
au-dehors	outside
suivit	followed
bâillement	yawn
pénétra	penetrated
n'avez	do
fini	finished
étonné	surprised
n'a	did
commencé	started
tactique	tactical
enfourcha	enfourcha
donna	donna
pied	foot
sol	soil
s'éleva	rose
frais	fees
fouettait	whipped him
visage	face
réveilla	woke up
efficacement	effectively
bavardage	chat
retrouver	find
procura	procura
sensation	sensation
merveilleuse	wonderful
pleine	full
vitesse	speed
tourna	turned
stade	stage
faisant	making
course	race
qu'est-ce	what is this
drôle	funny
qu'ils	they
prenaient	took
virage	turn
serré	tight
jeta	threw
d'œil	eye
l'un	one
gradins	bleachers
prenait	took
photos	photos
déclencheur	trigger
amplifié	amplified
désert	desert
répercutait	effect
écho	echo
ici	here
s'écria	cried
petite	small
aiguë	acute
celui-là	this one
aucune	no
idée	idea
mentit	lied
accéléra	accelerated
brusquement	suddenly
s'éloigner	away
possible	possible
passe	pass
fonçant	darkening
eux	them
sourcils	eyebrows
froncés	a frown
prend	takes
n'aime	likes
peut-être	maybe
espion	spy
serpentard	slytherin
s'intéresse	if interested
nos	our
nouvelles	new
techniques	technical
n'ont	have
besoin	need
d'espion	spy
mauvaise	bad
humeur	mood
personne	person
montrant	showing
doigt	finger
groupe	group
d'élèves	students
venaient	came
d'arriver	to arrive
vêtus	dressed
robes	dresses
vertes	green
leurs	their
balais	brushes
incroyable	amazing
s'indigna	grew indignant
retenu	retained
fonça	rushed
piqué	stung
colère	anger
fit	fit
atterrir	land
voulu	wanted
l'avaient	had
suivi	follow-up
flint	flint
hurla	screamed
l'adresse	the address
entièrement	fully
réservé	reserved
s'est	is
levés	surveys
l'aube	dawn
exprès	express
t'en	you
vas	vas
marcus	marcus
suffisamment	enough
monde	world
répondit-il	he replied
expression	expression
rusée	sly
donnait	gave
troll	troll
avaient	had
rejoints	joined
n'y	there
filles	girls
faisait	was
front	front
épaule	shoulder
toisant	eying
narquois	mocking
protesta	protested
écumant	foaming
rage	rage
bon	good
pourtant	yet
professeur	professor
rogue	rogue
soussigné	the undersigned
donne	gives
l'autorisation	the authorization
s'entraîner	train
aujourd'hui	today
afin	in order
former	form
nouvel	new
distrait	distracted
rangée	row
alignés	aligned
apparut	appeared
petit	small
sourire	smile
goguenard	bantering
pâle	pale
drago	drago
malefoy	malfoy
fils	son
lucius	lucius
regardant	looking at
dégoût	disgust
tiens	want
parles	talk
père	father
s'accentuait	increased
magnifique	beautiful
cadeau	gift
exhibèrent	exhibèrent
flambant	brand
neufs	new
manches	short
métal	metal
chromé	chrome
étincelant	sparkling
écrit	written
lettres	letters
2001	2001
modèle	model
sorti	out
mois	months
chassant	chasing
pichenette	flick
grain	grain
poussière	dust
égaré	lost
peux	can
vieux	old
quant	as
aux	the
brossdur	brossdur
tiennent	take
comparaison	comparison
ajouta-t-il	he added
méprisant	despising
équipés	equipped
5	5
pendant	during
moment	time
restèrent	stayed
silencieux	silent
arborait	sported
large	wide
ses	its
s'étaient	had
réduits	reduced
petites	small
fentes	slots
oh	oh
regardez	watch
envahi	invaded
venir	come
passait	passed
jouez	play
hautain	haughty
drapant	draping
train	train
d'admirer	admire
offerts	offered
contempla	stared at
bouche	mouth
bée	eer
superbes	superb
s'alignaient	lined
doucereuse	sugary
réussir	succeed
acheter	buy
nouveaux	new
elle	it
pourriez	could
vos	your
tombola	raffle
musée	museum
intéressera	will be of interest to
éclatèrent	burst
rire	laugh
sonore	sound
moins	less
aucun	no
payé	paid
talent	talent
choisis	selected
perdit	lost
soudain	suddenly
superbe	superb
t'a	you
demandé	asked
avis	notice
espèce	species
éructa-t-il	éructa-t-he
voyant	light
réaction	reaction
immédiate	immediate
provoqua	caused
comprit	understood
terrible	terrible
dut	otc
s'interposer	come
empêcher	prevent
sauter	jump
dessus	top
comment	how
oses-tu	dare you
plongea	dove
poche	pocket
fois-ci	time
payer	pay
hurla-t-il	"he yelled,
pointa	pointa
détonation	detonation
retentit	sounds
jet	jet
lumière	light
verte	green
jaillit	springs
mauvais	bad
frappant	striking
l'estomac	the stomach
projetant	projecting
renverse	reverses
énorme	huge
rot	rot
vomir	vomit
limaces	slugs
tombèrent	fell
genoux	knees
hurlaient	screaming
plié	folded
pattes	legs
tapait	typed
poing	fist
entouré	surrounded
vomissait	vomited
grosses	large
luisantes	shiny
n'osait	did not dare to
s'approcher	approach
ferait	would
mieux	better
l'emmener	take
chez	in
près	near
approuva	approved
signe	sign
prirent	took
l'aidèrent	helped him
relever	meet
malade	sick
soigner	treat
n'est-ce	is this
dévalé	down
rejoindre	join
suivait	followed
sautillant	hopping
haut-le-cœur	top-the-heart
flot	stream
hou	hou
fasciné	fascinated
leva	rose
immobile	still
prenne	take
fiche	sheet
camp	camp
entraînèrent	led
parcourir	browse
séparait	separated
maison	home
presque	almost
effort	effort
ira	ira
arrivés	arrived
quelques	a few
mètres	meters
cabane	hut
garde-chasse	gamekeeper
virent	saw
porte	door
s'ouvrir	open
vêtu	dressed
mauve	purple
grands	great
vite	fast
chuchota	whispered
poussant	pushing
buisson	bush
proche	close
contrecœur	reluctantly
suffit	just
savoir	know
s'y	there
prendre	take
lança	launched
d'aide	help
savez	know
enverrai	send
exemplaire	copy
livre	book
m'étonne	amazes me
l'ayez	have
lu	read
dédicacerai	dédicacerai
soir	evening
ferai	will
porter	wear
revoir	review
s'éloigna	walked away
attendit	waited
fût	was
vue	view
aida	aida
l'entraîna	the led
tambourina	tambourina
s'éclaira	lit up
visiteurs	visitors
quand	when
viendriez	would come
entrez	enter
croyais	thought
revenait	back
aidèrent	helped
entrer	enter
comportait	included
unique	single
pièce	room
coin	corner
feu	fire
cheminée	fireplace
brûlait	burned
allègrement	happily
sembla	seemed
s'inquiéter	worry
cracher	spit
s'asseoir	sit
chaise	chair
vaut	worth
qu'elles	they
sortent	come out
joyeux	happy
posant	posing
bassine	basin
cuivre	copper
devant	before
vas-y	vas-y
débarrasse-toi	you should get rid
ces	these
sales	sales
bêtes	beasts
crois	believe
grand-chose	much
faut	must
attendre	wait
inquiet	worried
pencher	look
sort	fate
jeter	throw
normal	normal
cassée	broken
s'affairait	was busy
préparer	prepare
thé	tea
crockdur	crockdur
molosse	mastiff
bavait	dribbled
affectueusement	affectionately
grattant	scraping
oreilles	ears
conseils	tips
farfadets	leprechauns
puits	wells
grogna	" 
coq	cock
moitié	half
plumé	plucked
mettre	put
théière	teapot
savais	knew
n'arrêtait	never stopped
casser	break
racontant	telling
réussi	successful
sais	know
quel	what
spectre	spectrum
prêt	loan
manger	eat
ma	my
bouilloire	kettle
surpris	surprised
cela	this
ressemblait	looked like
critiquer	criticize
poudlard	hogwarts
êtes	are
injuste	unfair
qu'à	as
l'ordinaire	the ordinary
dumbledore	dumbledore
pensé	thought
occuper	care
poste	post
n'était	there was
coupa	cut
assiette	plate
caramels	caramel
devient	becomes
défense	defence
forces	forces
gens	people
envie	want
lancer	launch
là-dedans	there
maudit	cursed
l'occuper	the deal
longtemps	for a long time
dites-moi	tell me
essayé	tried
désignant	designating
traité	treaty
sûrement	surely
injure	insult
furieux	furious
rauque	hoarse
relevant	under
transpirait	sweating
l'a	the
traitée	treated
replongea	dove into the water
déverser	pour
scandalisé	scandalized
rugit-il	roars-it
signifie	means
grossier	coarse
insultante	insulting
imaginer	imagine
hoqueta	hoqueta
odieuse	odious
né	born
famille	family
moldus	muggle
certains	some
sorciers	wizards
exemple	example
persuadés	believe
valent	worth
parce	because
ont	have
sang	blood
pur	pure
savent	know
importance	importance
neville	neville
londubat	londubat
vient	comes
juste	just
s'il	if it
chaudron	cauldron
debout	standing
inventé	invented
sortilège	hex
qu'hermione	as hermione
soit	either
incapable	unable
refaire	redo
fièrement	proudly
joues	cheeks
d'hermione	of hermione
teinte	hue
répugnante	disgusting
essuyant	wiping
tremblante	trembling
sueur	sweat
couvrait	covered
disait	said
sale	dirty
quelle	what
folie	madness
façon	how
plupart	most
moldu	muggle
veines	veins
n'avions	did
épousé	married
aurions	would
disparu	gone
hoquet	hiccup
comprends	understand
aies	have
ta	your
ait	has
eu	had
ratés	misfire
avais	had
serait	would be
précipité	precipitated
n'auras	there will
d'ennuis	trouble
remarquer	notice
pouvait	could
difficilement	hardly
pire	worst
ennui	boredom
collaient	stuck
dents	teeth
l'empêchèrent	him
d'ouvrir	open
saisi	seized
pensée	thought
soudaine	sudden
reproche	reproach
m'a	me
distribuais	distribuais
dédicacées	autographed
n'en	do
décoller	take off
mâchoires	jaws
dédicacé	autographed
s'emporta-t-il	if won-t-he
continue	continues
raconter	tell
éclata	broke out
plaisantais	was joking
donnant	giving
dos	back
tape	tape
amicale	friendly
projeta	projected
table	table
n'avais	had
célèbre	famous
d'essayer	try
plaire	please
assura	assura
l'œil	the eye
brillant	brilliant
livres	books
parti	party
veux	want to
merci	thank you
faible	low
préfère	prefer
risque	risk
venez	come
pousser	push
potager	vegetable garden
l'arrière	the rear
montra	showed
douzaine	dozen
citrouilles	pumpkins
géantes	giant
qu'un	a
rocher	rock
belles	beautiful
hein	eh
halloween	halloween
devraient	should
assez	enough
moment-là	time
utilisez	use
engrais	fertilizer
par-dessus	above
vérifier	check
proximité	close
vois	see
remarqua	noticed
parapluie	umbrella
posé	asked
bonnes	good
raisons	reasons
soupçonner	suspect
paraissait	seemed
quasi-certitude	near-certainty
cachée	hidden
l'intérieur	inside
officiellement	officially
n'avait	had
droit	right
d'utiliser	use
magie	magic
renvoyé	returned
troisième	third
su	su
allusion	hint
devenait	became
sourd	deaf
jusqu'à	up to
conversation	conversation
s'oriente	turns
autre	other
sujet	about
gavage	gavage
j'imagine	I guess
dont	which
mi-chemin	mid-way
entre	between
l'amusement	the fun
réprobation	disapproval
travail	work
sœur	sister
tournant	turning
rencontrée	met
oblique	oblique
barbe	beard
hirsute	shaggy
tressaillit	flinched
qu'elle	it
espérait	hoped
rencontrer	meet
d'autre	on the other
venant	from
adressa	addressed
clin	clin
dirait	looks like
dédica	dédica
arrosé	watered
attention	attention
rugit	roars
éloignant	away
précieuses	precious
l'heure	the time
déjeuner	breakfast
mangé	ate
hâte	looking forward
repas	meal
dirent	said
retournèrent	returned
crachait	spit
qu'une	a
mis	put
hall	hall
potter	potter
mcgonagall	mcgonagall
s'avança	advanced
sévère	severe
votre	your
retenue	withholding
aura	will
lieu	place
annonça-t-elle	she announced
devra	should
réprimant	repressing
astiquer	Polish
l'argenterie	the silverware
trophées	trophies
mr	mr
rusard	rusard
interdiction	ban
d'avoir	to have
recours	use
l'huile	the oil
coude	elbow
étouffa	choked
exclamation	exclamation
argus	argus
concierge	concierge
détesté	hated
redouté	dreaded
élèves	students
aiderez	help
courrier	mail
admirateurs	admirers
pourrais	could
aller	go
plutôt	rather
désespéré	desperate
certainement	certainly
haussant	raising
tient	holds
huit	eight
heures	hours
pile	battery
mine	mine
sinistre	disaster
laissèrent	left
chaises	chairs
genre	kind
bêtises	nonsense
retenir	remember
nuit	night
sombrement	darkly
doit	must
centaine	hundred
coupes	cuts
argent	money
manière	way
j'échange	I exchange
entraîné	led
dursley	dursley
cauchemar	nightmare
l'après-midi	in the afternoon
éclair	flash
bientôt	soon
cinq	five
traînant	dragging
deuxième	second
étage	floor
jusqu'au	until the
bureau	office
serrées	tight
frappa	hit
s'ouvrit	opened
l'accueillit	the hosted
rayonnant	radiant
voici	here
chenapan	rascal
eclairées	light
chandelles	candles
d'innombrables	countless
encadrées	framed
brillaient	shone
murs	walls
signé	signed
quelques-unes	some
posée	asked
n'as	did
écrire	write
enveloppes	envelopes
exceptionnelle	outstanding
faveur	for
gladys	gladys
gourdenièze	gourdenièze
mes	my
ferventes	fervent
admiratrices	fans
minutes	minutes
lenteur	slow
escargot	snail
laissait	left
paroles	lyrics
d'accord	agreement
percevait	perceived
phrase	sentence
renommée	fame
amie	friend
fidèle	faithful
célébrité	celebrity
l'oublie	forget
diminuaient	decreased
régulièrement	regularly
incertaine	uncertain
dansait	dancing
visages	faces
mouvants	shifting
regardaient	watched
écrivit	wrote
douloureuse	painful
millième	thousandth
enveloppe	envelope
devrait	should
partir	from
pensa-t-il	he thought
consterné	appalled
pourvu	provided
crachotement	crackling
moribondes	dying
figer	freeze
couper	cut
glacée	ice
venin	venom
déchire	tears
t'écorche	you scratch
tue	kills
sursauta	gasped
tache	spot
d'encre	ink
couleur	color
lilas	lilac
s'étala	during
l'enveloppe	the envelope
d'écrire	write
haute	high
eh	eh
croyait	believed
répondait	met
suite	suite
liste	list
best-sellers	best-sellers
record	record
battu	beat
parlais	was talking about
affolé	panic-stricken
pardon	forgiveness
déconcerté	baffled
l'avez	have
entendue	heard
stupéfait	stunned
parles-tu	are you talking about
t'endormir	going to sleep
best-seller	best-selling
sommes	are
'	'
l'aurais	would have
cru	raw
filé	spun
tendait	tended
l'oreille	the ear
d'entendre	to hear
dehors	outside
pourrait	could
espérer	hope
agréable	nice
n'entendait	did
moindre	less
étourdi	dizzy
alla	alla
tard	later
vide	empty
monta	went up
directement	directly
dortoir	dormitory
revenu	income
enfila	put on
pyjama	pajamas
arriva	came to pass
demi-heure	a half-hour
frottant	rubbing
répandant	spreading
odeur	smell
produit	product
nettoyant	cleaner
pénombre	penumbra
muscles	muscles
complètement	completely
raides	stiff
grogna-t-il	"he grunted
laisser	let
quatorze	fourteen
d'être	to be
satisfait	satisfied
parlant	speaking
bas	the bottom
dean	dean
seamus	seamus
répéta	repeated
l'entendait	the intended
s'étonna	was surprised
voyait	saw
froncer	pucker
lune	moon
menti	lied
pu	could
d'invisible	invisible
obligé	forced
s'allongeant	elongating
baldaquin	canopy
tendu	tense
au-dessus	above
