2	2
l'avertissement	the warning
de	of
dobby	dobby
harry	harry
se	is
retint	retained
pousser	push
un	a
cri	cry
mais	but
il	it
s'en	in
fallut	took
peu	little
la	the
petite	small
créature	creature
assise	sitting
sur	on
le	the
lit	bed
avait	had
grandes	large
oreilles	ears
semblables	similar
à	to
celles	those
d'une	a
chauve-souris	bat
et	and
des	of
yeux	eyes
verts	green
globuleux	globose
taille	size
balle	ball
tennis	tennis
comprit	understood
aussitôt	as soon
que	that
c'étaient	it was
ces	these
yeux-là	eyes-there
qui	that
l'avaient	had
observé	observed
matin	morning
même	even
cachés	hidden
dans	in
haie	hedge
du	the
jardin	garden
tandis	while
restaient	remained
là	there
s'observer	observe
voix	voice
dudley	dudley
retentit	sounds
hall	hall
d'entrée	input
puis-je	can I
vous	you
débarrasser	rid
vos	your
manteaux	coats
mr	mr
mrs	mrs
mason	mason
laissa	let
glisser	drag
s'inclina	bowed
si	if
bas	the bottom
bout	end
son	its
nez	nose
toucha	touched
tapis	carpet
remarqua	noticed
qu'elle	it
était	was
vêtue	dressed
espèce	species
taie	pillowcase
d'oreiller	pillow
laquelle	which
on	it
découpé	cut
trous	holes
pour	for
laisser	let
passer	pass
les	the
bras	arm
jambes	legs
heu	uh
bonjour	hello
dit	said
pas	not
très	very
l'aise	comfortable
potter	potter
aiguë	acute
qu'on	we
devait	should
sûrement	surely
entendre	hear
toute	any
maison	home
oh	oh
monsieur	mr.
y	there
a	has
longtemps	for a long time
rêvait	dreamed
faire	do
votre	your
connaissance	knowledge
c'est	it is
grand	great
honneur	honor
m	m
merci	thank you
répondit	replied
en	in
longeant	along
mur	wall
vers	to
chaise	chair
bureau	office
tomber	fall
côté	side
d'hedwige	of hedwig
endormie	sleepy
sa	its
grande	great
cage	cage
aurait	would
eu	had
envie	want
demander	ask
qu'est-ce	what is this
êtes	are
exactement	exactly
eut	had
peur	fear
d'être	to be
impoli	rude
demanda	asked
plutôt	rather
êtes-vous	are you
rien	nothing
plus	more
l'elfe	the elf
ah	ah
vraiment	really
excusez-moi	excuse me
je	I
ne	do
voudrais	would like to
paraître	look
discourtois	discourteous
crois	believe
moment	time
soit	either
bien	well
choisi	chosen
recevoir	receive
elfe	elf
ma	my
chambre	room
petit	small
rire	laugh
faux	false
pointu	sharp
tante	aunt
pétunia	petunia
s'éleva	rose
salon	living room
baissa	lowered
tête	head
suis	am
enchanté	enchanted
croyez-le	believe-the
s'empressa	hastened
d'ajouter	add
me	me
demande	request
quel	what
est	is
motif	pattern
présence	presence
eh	eh
voilà	this is
avec	with
gravité	gravity
venu	come
dire	say
difficile	difficult
par	by
où	where
commencer	start
asseyez-vous	sit
donc	so
poliment	politely
montrant	showing
horrifié	horrified
vit	lives
alors	then
éclater	burst
sanglots	sobs
particulièrement	particularly
bruyants	noisy
ass	ass
gémit	moans
jamais	never
au	the
l'impression	printing
provenance	from
s'étaient	had
quelque	some
troublées	troubled
désolé	sorry
murmura-t-il	he murmured
voulais	wanted
offenser	offend
sanglota	sanglota
encore	yet
sorcier	sorcerer
n'avait	had
demandé	asked
s'asseoir	sit
comme	as
égal	equal
essaya	tried
l'inciter	encourage
silence	silence
tout	all
s'efforçant	striving
réconforter	comfort
fit	fit
asseoir	sit
resta	remained
hoqueter	hoqueter
l'air	the air
grosse	big
poupée	doll
repoussante	repulsive
laideur	ugliness
enfin	finally
parvint	managed
calmer	calm down
fixa	fixa
ses	its
grands	great
humides	wet
une	a
expression	expression
d'adoration	worship
sorciers	wizards
fréquentez	attend
doivent	must
être	be
aimables	kind
plaisanta	jokingly
espérant	hoping
l'égayer	brighten it up
hocha	hocha
puis	then
sans	without
prévenir	prevent
leva	rose
d'un	a
bond	bond
cogna	knocked
violemment	violently
contre	against
fenêtre	window
criant	screaming
méchant	nasty
arrêtez	stop
faites	do
chuchota	whispered
précipitant	precipitating
ramener	bring
hedwige	hedwig
s'était	had
réveillée	woke up
poussant	pushing
hululement	howling
perçant	piercing
battait	beat
frénétiquement	frantically
ailes	wings
barreaux	bars
fallait	had to
punisse	punish
mis	put
loucher	squint
légèrement	slightly
failli	bankrupt
mal	evil
famille	family
service	service
doit	must
servir	serve
ils	they
savent	know
ici	here
curiosité	curiosity
frissonna	shivered
non	not
va	will
devoir	duty
punir	punish
sévèrement	severely
voir	see
devra	should
pincer	pinch
porte	door
four	oven
avoir	have
fait	fact
chose	thing
pareille	such
s'ils	if they
l'apprenaient	the learned
vont	go
apercevoir	see
pincez	pinch
doute	doubt
toujours	always
laissent	leave
soin	care
occuper	care
parfois	sometimes
lui	him
rappellent	recall
simplement	simply
qu'il	it
s'infliger	inflicting
quelques	a few
punitions	punishment
supplémentaires	additional
pourquoi	why
n'essayez-vous	do not try-you
enfuir	away
retrouver	find
liberté	freedom
affranchi	free
maîtres	masters
permettra	will
libre	free
jusqu'à	up to
mort	death
regarda	looked at
ronds	round
moi	me
pensais	thought
c'était	it was
triste	sad
sort	fate
d'avoir	to have
quatre	four
semaines	weeks
dit-il	he said
dursley	dursley
ont	have
presque	almost
humain	human
personne	person
peut	can
aider	help
peux	can
regretta	regret
parlé	spoken
car	because
nouveau	new
répandit	spread
gémissements	moans
gratitude	gratitude
s'il	if it
plaît	please
murmura	whispered
précipitamment	hurriedly
prie	pray
taisez-vous	shut up, you
entendent	hear
s'aperçoivent	see
entendu	heard
parler	talk
grandeur	size
savait	knew
générosité	generosity
ce	this
n'est	there is
qu'un	a
tissu	fabric
bêtises	nonsense
sentait	felt
joues	cheeks
feu	fire
n'étais	there was
premier	first
classe	class
poudlard	hogwarts
hermione	hermione
meilleure	best
elle	it
s'interrompit	if interrupted
penser	think
douloureux	painful
humble	humble
modeste	modest
ton	your
révérencieux	reverential
gros	wholesale
exorbités	bulging
brillant	brilliant
d'émotion	emotion
parle	speaks
victoire	victory
triomphante	triumphant
celui-dont-le-nom-	he-who-the-name-
ne-doit-pas-Être-prononcé	do-must-not-Be-delivered
voldemort	voldemort
plaqua	wood, and overlaid
mains	hands
prononcez	say
nom	name
gémit-il	moans-it
précipitation	precipitation
sais	know
beaucoup	a lot
gens	people
n'aiment	love
l'entendre	hear
mon	my
ami	friend
ron	ron
exemple	example
aussi	also
pencha	bent
phares	headlights
affronté	faced
seigneur	lord
ténèbres	darkness
réussi	successful
échapper	escape
fois	time
rauque	hoarse
approuva	approved
signe	sign
larmes	tears
brillèrent	flashed
soudain	suddenly
sanglota-t-il	sanglota-t-he
s'essuyant	wiping
visage	face
coin	corner
crasseuse	grimy
tenait	held
lieu	place
vêtement	garment
vaillant	vaillant
audacieux	bold
déjà	already
bravé	braved
tant	as
dangers	dangers
protéger	protect
l'avertir	the warn
retourner	return
long	long
seulement	only
troublé	troubled
bruits	noise
couteaux	knives
fourchettes	forks
ronronnement	whir
l'oncle	uncle
vernon	vernon
entendait	heard
rez-de-chaussée	ground floor
ou	or
quoi	what
balbutia	stammered
faut	must
j'y	I
retourne	returns
rentrée	back to school
septembre	September
seule	only
m'aide	help me
tenir	take
coup	blow
savez	know
vivre	live
n'ai	haven
cette	this
j'appartiens	I belong
monde	world
couina	couina
hochant	nodding
fort	fort
battaient	fighting
rester	stay
sécurité	security
trop	too
généreux	generous
prenne	take
risque	risk
perdre	lose
courra	run
danger	danger
mortel	mortal
s'étonna	was surprised
existe	there is
complot	plot
provoquera	will
événements	events
terrifiants	terrifying
l'école	the school
sorcellerie	witchcraft
année	year
mettant	putting
trembler	shake
tous	all
membres	members
mois	months
maintenant	now
courant	current
mettre	put
vie	life
péril	danger
important	important
quels	what
sont	are
l'origine	the original
drôle	funny
bruit	noise
s'échappa	escaped
gorge	throat
d'accord	agreement
s'exclama	exclaimed
saisissant	entering
l'éloigner	away
pouvez	can
comprends	understand
prenez-vous	do you take
peine	penalty
pensée	thought
désagréable	unpleasant
vint	came
l'esprit	the spirit
attendez	wait
est-ce	is this
ça	it
vol	flight
pardon	forgiveness
vous-savez-qui	you-know-who
répondez-moi	answer me
s'empressa-t-il	eagerly-t-he
voyant	light
s'approchait	approaching
lentement	slowly
cela	this
concerne	for
celui-dont-le-nom-ne-doit-pas-etre-prononcé	he-who-the-name-not-must-not-be-delivered
étaient	were
ouverts	open
essayait	tried
suggérer	suggest
celui-ci	it
cependant	however
voyait	saw
absolument	absolutely
voulait	wanted
venir	come
n'a	did
frère	brother
cas	case
vois	see
d'autre	on the other
pouvoir	power
provoquer	cause
surtout	especially
face	in the face of
dumbledore	dumbledore
n'est-ce	is this
albus	albus
directeur	director
ait	has
sait	knows
pouvoirs	powers
rivalisent	compete
ceux	those
celui-	the
dont-on-ne-doit-pas-prononcer-le-nom	which-one-do-must-not-pronounce-the-name
puissance	power
pourtant	yet
transforma	transformed
murmure	whisper
pressant	pressing
digne	worthy
avant	before
temps	time
réagir	react
sauta	jumped
attrapa	caught
lampe	lamp
posée	asked
commença	started
donner	give
coups	shots
cris	cree
assourdissants	deafening
instant	now
tard	later
cœur	heart
battant	flying
rompre	break
entendit	heard
diriger	direct
lançant	launching
forte	strong
dû	due
télévision	tv
allumée	lit
garnement	boy
vite	fast
placard	closet
penderie	closet
referma	closed
jeta	threw
ensuite	then
poignée	handle
tournait	turned
tu	you
m'expliquer	explain to me
es	es
train	train
fabriquer	make
desserrer	loosen
dents	teeth
horrible	horrible
près	near
celui	the
viens	just
gâcher	spoil
chute	fall
blague	joke
golfeur	golfer
japonais	japanese
te	te
ferai	will
regretter	regret
garçon	boy
quitta	left
sonore	sound
tremblant	tremblant
aux	the
pieds	feet
délivra	free
avez	have
vu	seen
comment	how
comprenez	understand
seul	only
endroit	place
j'ai	I
amis	friends
n'écrivent	write
sournois	sneaky
j'imagine	I guess
qu'ils	they
fronçant	frowned
sourcils	eyebrows
savez-vous	do you know
mes	my
m'ont	I have
écrit	written
tortilla	tortilla
place	place
visiblement	obviously
fâcher	angry
voulu	wanted
mieux	better
intercepté	intercepted
lettres	letters
apportées	made
rapide	fast
arrière	rear
hors	out
portée	scope
tira	drew
épaisse	thick
liasse	package
d'enveloppes	envelopes
reconnut	recognized
l'écriture	writing
propre	own
nette	net
d'hermione	of hermione
celle	the
désordonnée	disorderly
aperçut	saw
gribouillis	doodles
semblait	seemed
main	hand
hagrid	hagrid
garde-chasse	gamekeeper
anxieux	anxiety
clignant	blinking
colère	anger
espérait	hoped
pensait	thought
oublié	forgot
voudrait	would like to
n'écoutait	not listened to
d'arracher	tear
maintenir	maintain
aura	will
condition	condition
donne	gives
parole	word
retournera	return
affrontiez	affrontiez
tel	such
promettez-moi	promise me
retournerez	return
là-bas	there
promettrai	promettrai
répliqua	replied
rendez-moi	rendez-me
laisse	leaves
choix	choice
tristesse	sadness
pu	could
geste	gesture
précipita	rushed
l'ouvrit	the opened
dévala	ran down
l'escalier	the stairs
sèche	dry
l'estomac	the stomach
noué	knotted
rua	rua
derrière	behind
essayant	trying
six	six
dernières	last
marches	steps
atterrit	lands
moquette	carpet
souplesse	flexibility
chat	cat
cherchant	seeking
salle	room
manger	eat
parvenait	could
disait	said
racontez	tell
histoire	history
désopilante	hilarious
plombiers	plumbers
américains	american
tellement	so
connaître	know
cuisine	kitchen
lorsqu'il	when it
arriva	came to pass
devant	before
crut	believed
poing	fist
chef-d'œuvre	masterpiece
pâtissier	pastry chef
montagne	mountain
crème	cream
violettes	purple
sucre	sugar
flottait	floated
plafond	ceiling
accroupi	crouching
buffet	buffet
tuer	kill
promettre	promise
promettez-le	promise-the
impossible	impossible
air	air
désespéré	desperate
agir	act
l'immense	the immense
gâteau	cake
s'écrasa	crashed
carrelage	tile
fracas	crash
épouvantable	terrible
plat	flat
vola	vola
éclats	shards
éclaboussant	splashing
murs	walls
fenêtres	windows
fouettée	whipped
disparut	disappeared
sec	dry
claquement	banging
fouet	whip
retentirent	rang
surgit	arises
trouva	found
figé	frozen
terreur	terror
couvert	covered
d'abord	first
sembla	seemed
allait	would
réussir	succeed
minimiser	minimize
l'incident	the incident
(	(
notre	our
neveu	nephew
perturbé	disturbed
connaît	knows
reste	rest
étage	floor
)	)
ramena	brought back
stupéfaits	stunned
promit	promised
l'écorcher	skinning
vif	bright
dès	as soon
invités	guests
seraient	would be
partis	parties
donna	donna
serpillière	mop
dénicha	unearthed
glace	ice
congélateur	freezer
sous	under
choc	shock
entreprit	undertook
nettoyer	clean
soirée	evening
conclure	to conclude
marché	market
n'y	there
chouette	owl
d'offrir	offer
chocolats	chocolates
menthe	mint
lorsqu'une	when a
énorme	huge
s'engouffra	rushed
lettre	letter
ressortit	came out of it
poussa	pushed
hurlement	howl
fous	crazy
juste	just
assez	enough
préciser	specify
épouse	wife
bleue	blue
oiseaux	birds
toutes	all
formes	forms
tailles	sizes
leur	their
conception	design
l'humour	humor
appuyé	supported
manche	sleeve
balai	broom
trahissent	betray
s'avancer	advance
lueur	glow
démoniaque	demonic
minuscules	tiny
lis	read
siffla-t-il	whistle-t-he
mauvais	bad
brandissant	waving
apportée	made
allez	go
prit	took
n'était	there was
carte	card
d'anniversaire	birthday
cher	dear
nous	we
avons	have
été	been
informés	informed
sortilège	hex
lévitation	levitation
utilisé	used
résidence	residence
soir	evening
neuf	nine
heures	hours
douze	twelve
cycle	cycle
autorisés	authorized
jeter	throw
sorts	spells
dehors	outside
récidive	recurrence
l'utilisation	the use
tels	such
sortilèges	spells
pourrait	could
entraîner	cause
expulsion	expulsion
ladite	the said
école	school
(décret	(decree
restriction	restriction
l'usage	the use
magie	magic
chez	in
article	article
1875	1875
alinéa	paragraph
c)	(c)
rappelons	remember
également	also
pratique	practice
susceptible	likely
remarquée	noticed
communauté	community
magique	magic
(moldus)	(muggle)
constitue	is
délit	crime
puni	punished
l'article	article
13	13
code	code
secret	secret
établi	established
confédération	confederation
internationale	international
mages	the magi
souhaitant	wishing
d'agréables	pleasant
vacances	holiday
prions	let us pray
croire	believe
l'assurance	insurance
nos	our
sentiments	feelings
distingués	distinguished
mafalda	mafalda
hopkrik	hopkrik
usages	uses
abusifs	abusive
ministère	department
releva	rose
déglutit	swallowed
difficulté	difficulty
avais	had
n'avais	had
droit	right
démente	insane
regard	look
as	as
bouledogue	bulldog
nouvelles	new
toi	you
désormais	now
seras	will be
enfermé	locked
ta	your
retourneras	will return
façon	how
essayes	try
t'échapper	escape
formules	formulas
magiques	magic
renvoyé	returned
fou	crazy
furieux	furious
traîna	dragged
jusqu'au	until the
tint	tint
lendemain	next day
quelqu'un	someone
poser	ask
chargea	charged
lui-même	himself
d'installer	install
trappe	hatch
puisse	can
nourrir	feed
trois	three
jour	day
sortir	out
utiliser	use
bains	bathroom
bouclé	curly
jours	days
passèrent	passed
montraient	showed
intraitables	intractable
aucune	no
issue	after
allongé	lying
regardait	watched
soleil	sun
coucher	bedroom
demandant	asking
arriver	getting
bon	good
essayer	try
s'échapper	escape
exclusion	exclusion
autre	other
privet	privet
drive	drive
insupportable	unbearable
présent	this
certains	some
risquaient	might
transformés	processed
perdu	lost
arme	weapon
eux	them
l'avait	had
peut-être	maybe
sauvé	saved
d'événements	events
allaient	would
choses	things
probablement	probably
finir	finish
mourir	die
faim	hunger
aménagée	fitted
bascula	tilt
apparut	appeared
l'intérieur	inside
bol	bowl
rempli	filled
soupe	soup
boîte	box
force	force
saisit	captures
froide	cold
l'empêcha	he
d'en	to
avaler	swallow
moitié	half
lampée	swig
traversa	crossed
versa	versa
mangeoire	manger
vide	empty
morceaux	pieces
légumes	vegetables
détrempés	wet
restés	stayed
fond	background
ébouriffa	ruffled
plumes	feathers
lança	launched
dégoûté	disgusted
fin	end
bec	bec
sombre	dark
alla	alla
reposer	rest
retourna	returned
s'allonger	lie
ayant	having
qu'avant	as before
admettant	admitting
vivant	living
passerait-il	happen
montrait	showed
enverraient-ils	would they send
passait	passed
parviendraient-ils	would they achieve
obliger	require
partir	from
pièce	room
devenait	became
epuisé	out of print
gargouillant	gurgling
tournant	turning
retournant	returning
cesse	stops
mêmes	same
questions	questions
insolubles	insoluble
sombra	sombra
sommeil	sleep
agité	restless
rêva	dreamed
zoo	zoo
écriteau	sign
indiquait	indicated
litière	litter
paille	straw
faible	low
affamé	hungry
visiteurs	visitors
regarder	watch
foule	crowd
reconnaissait	recognized
mettait	put
crier	shout
l'appeler	the call
l'aide	using
l'entendait	the intended
répondre	reply
disparaissait	disappeared
tour	tour
d'apparaître	to appear
taper	type
moquant	laughing at
arrête	stop
marmonnait	muttered
lancinant	throbbing
métal	metal
martelait	pounding
cerveau	brain
laisse-moi	let me
tranquille	quiet
j'essaie	I try
dormir	sleep
ouvrit	opened
clair	clear
lune	moon
entrait	entered
l'observait	the observed
véritablement	truly
travers	through
constellé	studded
taches	spots
cheveux	hair
roux	roux
weasley	weasley
