15	15
aragog	aragog
l'été	the summer
annonçait	announced
son	its
arrivée	arrival
le	the
ciel	sky
et	and
l'eau	the water
du	the
lac	lake
avaient	had
pris	taken
la	the
même	even
couleur	color
bleu	blue
pervenche	periwinkle
des	of
fleurs	flowers
grosses	large
comme	as
choux	cabbage
éclos	hatched
dans	in
les	the
serres	greenhouses
mais	but
depuis	since
qu'on	we
ne	do
voyait	saw
plus	more
hagrid	hagrid
arpenter	the pacing
parc	park
crockdur	crockdur
sur	on
ses	its
talons	heels
harry	harry
trouvait	was
que	that
décor	decor
avait	had
beaucoup	a lot
perdu	lost
de	of
charme	charm
a	has
l'intérieur	inside
château	castle
c'était	it was
encore	yet
pire	worst
ron	ron
essayé	tried
d'aller	go
voir	see
hermione	hermione
visiteurs	visitors
étaient	were
désormais	now
interdits	banned
à	to
l'infirmerie	the infirmary
nous	we
voulons	want to
prendre	take
risques	risks
leur	their
expliqué	explained
madame	mrs.
pomfresh	pomfresh
l'agresseur	the attacker
pourrait	could
revenir	return
achever	complete
nos	our
malades	sick
avec	with
départ	starting
dumbledore	dumbledore
peur	fear
était	was
comble	fills
soleil	sun
qui	that
baignait	bathed
sa	its
tiédeur	warmth
murs	walls
semblait	seemed
incapable	unable
réchauffer	warm up
l'atmosphère	the atmosphere
visages	faces
inquiets	worried
tendus	tense
lorsqu'il	when it
arrivait	arrived
qu'un	a
rire	laugh
retentisse	sound
un	a
couloir	hallway
il	it
paraissait	seemed
si	if
aigu	acute
peu	little
naturel	natural
qu'il	it
s'étouffait	choking, grasping
très	very
vite	fast
se	is
répétait	repeated
sans	without
cesse	stops
paroles	lyrics
prononcées	pronounced
avant	before
partir	from
je	I
n'aurai	will not
véritablement	truly
quitté	left
l'école	the school
n'y	there
aura	will
personne	person
pour	for
me	me
rester	stay
fidèle	faithful
poudlard	hogwarts
une	a
aide	using
sera	will be
toujours	always
apportée	made
ceux	those
demandent	ask
quoi	what
pouvaient-elles	could they
servir	serve
devaient-ils	they had to
demander	ask
l'aide	using
alors	then
tout	all
monde	world
aussi	also
déboussolé	disoriented
terrifié	terrified
qu'eux	that they
l'allusion	the allusion
aux	the
araignées	spiders
facile	easy
comprendre	understand
l'ennui	boredom
qu'apparemment	that, apparently,
restait	remained
moindre	less
araignée	spider
partout	everywhere
où	where
allait	would
s'efforçait	tried
d'en	to
trouver	find
(plutôt	(rather
réticente)	reluctant)
bien	well
entendu	heard
l'interdiction	the prohibition
faite	made
élèves	students
promener	walk
seuls	only
gênait	annoyed
leurs	their
recherches	research
ils	they
devaient	had to
présent	this
déplacer	move
en	in
groupe	group
plupart	most
condisciples	classmates
paraissaient	seemed
satisfaits	satisfied
d'être	to be
ainsi	as well
menés	conducted
classe	class
par	by
professeurs	teachers
troupeau	herd
ce	this
système	system
exaspérant	infuriating
y	there
pourtant	yet
quelqu'un	someone
cette	this
atmosphère	atmosphere
terreur	terror
suspicion	suspicion
ravir	delight
drago	drago
malefoy	malfoy
arpentait	strode
couloirs	corridors
d'un	a
pas	not
conquérant	conqueror
s'il	if it
venait	came
nommé	named
préfet-	prefect-
en-chef	in-chief
fut	was
pendant	during
cours	during
potions	potions
eut	had
lieu	place
deux	two
semaines	weeks
après	after
comprit	understood
réjouissait	looking forward
tellement	so
jour-là	day
assis	sitting
derrière	behind
l'entendit	heard
parler	talk
crabbe	crabbe
goyle	goyle
ton	your
triomphant	triumphant
j'ai	I
su	su
mon	my
père	father
arriverait	happen
débarrasser	rid
dit-il	he said
soucier	worry about
baisser	lower
voix	voice
vous	you
ai	I
dit	said
pensé	thought
directeur	director
ait	has
jamais	never
eu	had
peut-être	maybe
va	will
avoir	have
digne	worthy
nom	name
maintenant	now
n'interdira	shall prohibit
ouvre	opens
chambre	room
secrets	secrets
mcgonagall	mcgonagall
durer	last
longtemps	for a long time
elle	it
assure	ensures
l'intérim	the interim
c'est	it is
rogue	rogue
passa	spent
côté	side
faire	do
commentaire	comment
chaise	chair
vide	empty
d'hermione	of hermione
monsieur	mr.
d'une	a
forte	strong
pourquoi	why
seriez-vous	would you
candidat	candidate
au	the
poste	post
allons	will
répondit	replied
laissant	leaving
sourire	smile
s'esquisser	if sketch
lèvres	lips
minces	thin
professeur	professor
été	been
seulement	only
suspendu	suspended
conseil	council
d'administration	of directors
doute	doubt
bientôt	soon
retour	return
parmi	among
étiez	were
auriez	would
sûrement	surely
vote	vote
vais	'll
dire	say
êtes	are
meilleur	best
sourit	smiles
tour	tour
dirigeant	officer
vers	to
autre	other
table	table
n'avait	had
vu	seen
seamus	seamus
finnigan	finnigan
faisait	was
semblant	pretend
vomir	vomit
chaudron	cauldron
Ça	It
m'étonne	amazes me
sang-de-bourbe	blood-of-mire
n'aient	have
déjà	already
fait	fact
valises	suitcases
reprit	took
parie	bet
cinq	five
gallions	galleons
prochain	next
mourir	die
dommage	damage
ça	it
n'ait	did
granger	granger
cloche	bell
sonna	rang
moment	time
chance	chance
entendant	hearing
dernières	last
bondi	bondi
mêlée	melee
hâtaient	hâtaient
ramasser	pick up
affaires	business
tentative	attempt
ruer	rush
inaperçue	unnoticed
lâchez-moi	let go of me
grogna	" 
dean	dean
retenaient	holding
chacun	each
bras	arm
m'en	me
fiche	sheet
n'ai	haven
besoin	need
ma	my
baguette	wand
fois-ci	time
tuer	kill
mains	hands
nues	naked
dépêchez-vous	hurry up
aboya	barked
faut	must
emmène	takes
botanique	botanical
conduisit	led
rang	rank
jusqu'à	up to
porte	door
traversèrent	crossed
potager	vegetable garden
direction	management
animé	animated
manquait	missing
justin	justin
trouva	found
soudain	suddenly
face	in the face of
ernie	ernie
macmillan	macmillan
prit	took
profonde	deep
inspiration	inspiration
déclara	said
solennel	solemn
voulais	wanted
te	te
j'étais	I was
désolé	sorry
t'avoir	you have
soupçonné	suspected
sais	know
tu	you
serais	would be
attaqué	attacked
prie	pray
m'excuser	excuse me
sommes	are
tous	all
bateau	boat
lui	him
tendit	handed
main	hand
potelée	chubby
serra	serra
hésitation	hesitation
amie	friend
hannah	hannah
firent	did
équipe	team
tailler	cut
plantes	plants
confiées	entrusted
chourave	chourave
l'air	the air
content	content
passe	pass
arrachant	snatching
brindille	twig
morte	dead
demande	request
n'est	there is
l'héritier	the heir
serpentard	slytherin
raisonné	reasoned
ironisa	ironisa
pardonné	forgiven
facilement	easily
toi	you
crois	believe
demanda	asked
non	not
regardèrent	looked
yeux	eyes
ronds	round
surpris	surprised
catégorique	categorical
instant	now
tard	later
repéra	spotted
quelque	some
chose	thing
fit	fit
faux	false
mouvement	movement
faillit	almost
planter	plant
sécateur	pruning shears
aïe	ouch
s'écria	cried
montra	showed
doigt	finger
plusieurs	several
grande	great
taille	size
déplaçaient	moved
rapidement	quickly
sol	soil
terre	earth
loin	far
ah	ah
oui	yes
tiens	want
essayant	trying
succès	success
réjouir	rejoice
découverte	discovery
on	it
peut	can
suivre	follow
écoutaient	listened to
intrigué	intrigued
fixés	set
regardait	watched
courir	run
dirait	looks like
qu'elles	they
dirigent	direct
forêt	forest
interdite	prohibited
mal	evil
paraître	look
réjoui	pleased
fin	end
salle	room
devait	should
défense	defence
contre	against
forces	forces
traînaient	hanging out
pouvoir	power
être	be
entendus	heard
autres	other
nouveau	new
cape	cape
d'invisibilité	invisibility
emmener	take
l'habitude	the usual
utile	useful
d'accord	agreement
tournant	turning
entre	between
doigts	fingers
geste	gesture
nerveux	nervous
paraît	seems
heu	uh
loups-garous	werewolves
ajouta-t-il	he added
qu'ils	they
s'asseyaient	sat
places	places
habituelles	the usual
lockhart	lockhart
préféra	preferred
esquiver	dodge
question	question
créatures	creatures
fréquentables	being reliable
centaures	centaurs
exemple	example
ou	or
licornes	unicorns
n'était	there was
allé	gone
pénétré	penetrated
seule	only
fois	time
espérant	hoping
retourner	return
entra	entered
bondissant	leaping
regarda	looked at
sombre	dark
enchanté	enchanted
ces	these
mines	mines
sinistres	claims
s'écria-t-il	cried it
adressant	sending
rayonnant	radiant
échangèrent	exchanged
regards	looks
exaspérés	exasperated
voyons	see
rendez	visit
compte	account
parlant	speaking
lentement	slowly
s'adressait	addressed
demeurés	remained
danger	danger
est	is
écarté	rejected
coupable	guilty
là	there
comment	how
lança	launched
thomas	thomas
jeune	young
homme	man
ministre	minister
magie	magic
n'aurait	would
emmené	taken
sûr	course
cent	cent
d'évidence	evidence
oh	oh
l'aurait	would have
quand	when
fort	fort
flatte	flatters
savoir	know
petit	small
l'arrestation	the arrest
mr	mr
weasley	weasley
répliqua	replied
satisfait	satisfied
n'en	do
convaincu	convinced
l'interrompit	the interrupted
donnant	giving
coup	blow
pied	foot
sous	under
censés	supposed to
place	place
murmura	whispered
l'allégresse	the joy
écœurante	sickening
façon	how
laisser	let
croire	believe
considéré	considered
personnage	character
recommandable	recommendable
certitude	certainty
terminé	finished
mirent	started
colère	anger
envoyer	send
propres	own
livres	books
figure	figure
retint	retained
cependant	however
contenta	contenta
passer	pass
mot	word
lequel	which
écrit	written
allons-y	let's go
dès	as soon
soir	evening
pâlit	pale
lisant	reading
message	message
regard	look
renforça	reinforced
détermination	determination
approuva	approved
signe	sign
tête	head
commune	common
gryffondor	gryffindor
bondée	crowded
cause	cause
sortir	out
six	six
heures	hours
sujets	topics
conversation	conversation
manquaient	missing
rare	rare
nombre	number
d'élèves	students
restent	remain
minuit	midnight
dîner	dinner
alla	alla
chercher	search
valise	suitcase
resta	remained
dessus	top
toute	any
soirée	evening
attendant	waiting
fred	fred
george	george
ginny	ginny
restés	stayed
derniers	last
allèrent	went
enfin	finally
coucher	bedroom
lorsque	when
eurent	had
portes	doors
dortoirs	dormitories
refermer	close
s'enveloppèrent	wrapped themselves
sortirent	went out
soigneusement	carefully
évité	avoided
continuaient	continued
surveiller	monitor
arrivèrent	arrived
devant	before
hall	hall
d'entrée	input
glissèrent	glissèrent
bruit	noise
éclairé	informed
lune	moon
s'apercevoir	see
n'allaient	not going to
elles	they
prenaient	took
nuance	nuance
d'espoir	hope
atteignirent	reached
cabane	hut
triste	sad
misérable	miserable
fenêtres	windows
éteintes	off
poussa	pushed
parut	appeared
fou	crazy
joie	joy
mit	mit
lancer	launch
aboiements	barking
joyeux	happy
risquaient	might
réveiller	wake up
taire	shut up
donnèrent	gave
caramels	caramel
collèrent	collèrent
dents	teeth
molosse	mastiff
l'empêchèrent	him
d'aboyer	barking
posa	posa
auraient	would
l'obscurité	the dark
viens	just
caressant	stroking
chien	dog
bondit	leaps
hors	out
précipita	rushed
lisière	edge
leva	rose
patte	paw
énorme	huge
sycomore	sycamore
sortit	went out
magique	magic
lumos	lumos
aussitôt	as soon
petite	small
lumière	light
apparut	appeared
l'extrémité	the end
diffusant	spreading
lueur	glow
suffisante	sufficient
repérer	identify
présence	presence
d'araignées	spiders
bonne	good
idée	idea
j'aurais	I would have
voulu	wanted
autant	as much
l'état	the state
risque	risk
d'exploser	explode
donna	donna
tape	tape
l'épaule	the shoulder
montrant	showing
pelouse	lawn
solitaires	solitary
fuyaient	fleeing
réfugier	refuge
arbres	trees
soupira	sighed
résignait	résignait
suis	am
prêt	loan
pénétrèrent	penetrated
accompagnés	accompanied
gambadait	gambadait
autour	around
d'eux	of them
eclairés	enlightened
suivirent	followed
file	file
avançaient	advanced
long	long
chemin	path
marchèrent	marched
vingtaine	twenty
minutes	minutes
échanger	exchange
l'oreille	the ear
tendue	tense
l'affût	the lookout
insolite	unusual
devenaient	became
touffus	thick
virent	saw
étoiles	star
au-dessus	above
têtes	heads
disparu	gone
pouvaient	could
compter	from
éclairer	light
changer	change
quitter	leave
sentier	trail
s'immobilisa	froze
allaient	would
alentours	around
plongés	immersed
d'épaisses	thick
ténèbres	darkness
parvenait	could
dissiper	dispel
s'était	had
aventuré	ventured
souvenait	remember
conseillé	recommended
dernière	last
l'y	there
accompagné	accompanied
surtout	especially
s'écarter	depart
cellule	cell
prison	prison
d'azkaban	of azkaban
recommandé	recommended
qu'est-ce	what is this
dont	which
reflétaient	reflected
s'enfoncèrent	went
sous-bois	sous-bois
suite	suite
difficulté	difficulty
racines	roots
souches	stem
d'arbre	tree
peine	penalty
visibles	visible
dressaient	up
sentait	felt
souffle	breath
chaud	hot
péniblement	painfully
moins	less
demi-heure	a half-hour
pans	pans
robe	dress
s'accrochant	clinging
buissons	bushes
branches	branches
basses	low
terrain	field
descendait	down
pente	slope
douce	soft
aboiement	bark
retentissant	resounding
bond	bond
haute	high
scrutant	peering
bougé	moved
là-bas	there
souffla	blew
grand	great
ecoute	listen
tendirent	craned
droite	right
frayait	spawn
écrasant	crushing
gémit	moans
silence	silence
précipitamment	hurriedly
t'entendre	hear you
m'entendre	hear me
moi	me
aiguë	acute
qu'à	as
l'ordinaire	the ordinary
terrifiés	terrified
immobiles	still
attendirent	waited for
étrange	strange
grondement	rumble
puis	then
doit	must
préparer	prepare
attaquer	attack
quelques	a few
instants	moments
tremblant	tremblant
membres	members
parti	party
jaillit	springs
rayon	radius
puissant	powerful
durent	last
mettre	put
visière	visor
protéger	protect
jappement	barking
tenta	tried
s'enfuir	escape
pattes	legs
buisson	bush
d'épines	of thorns
japper	yap
s'exclama	exclaimed
claironnante	claironnante
exprimait	expressed
soulagement	relief
voiture	car
trébuchant	stumbling
chaque	each
suivit	followed
débouchèrent	led
clairière	glade
phares	headlights
allumés	lit
milieu	middle
cercle	circle
d'arbres	trees
l'épais	the thick
feuillage	foliage
formait	formed
toit	roof
d'elle	it
bouche	mouth
bée	eer
s'avança	advanced
roula	roula
aurait	would
gros	wholesale
vert	green
turquoise	turquoise
venu	come
accueillir	welcome
maître	master
restée	remained
ici	here
temps	time
air	air
ravi	ravi
faisant	making
regarde	look at
force	force
vivre	live
retournée	returned
sauvage	wild
ailes	wings
rayées	striped
couvertes	covered
boue	mud
apparemment	apparently
habituée	used
aise	comfortable
trembler	shake
retrouvé	found
respiration	breathing
normale	normal
remit	gave
poche	pocket
croyait	believed
qu'elle	it
appuyé	supported
caressait	caressed
demandais	wondering
passée	past
profita	took advantage
d'autres	other
soudaine	sudden
clarté	clarity
fuir	flee
piste	track
retrouver	find
immobile	still
visage	face
devenu	now
livide	livid
n'eut	had
tourner	turn
cliquetis	rattling
sonore	sound
longue	long
hérissée	bristling
poils	hair
s'enroula	twined himself
souleva	raised
retournant	returning
bas	the bottom
panique	panic
essaya	tried
débattre	discuss
entendit	heard
vit	lives
pieds	feet
d'entendre	to hear
gémissements	moans
apeurés	frightened
sentir	feel
emporté	away
profondeurs	depths
créature	creature
emparée	seized
marchait	walked
immenses	huge
poilues	hairy
lesquelles	which
tenait	held
étroitement	closely
serré	tight
aperçut	saw
également	also
paire	pair
pinces	pliers
noires	black
brillantes	brilliant
semblable	similar
celle	the
portait	wore
prisonnier	prisoner
troisième	third
monstre	monster
gémissait	moaning
débattant	debating
vainement	in vain
aucune	no
passé	past
avançait	advanced
travers	through
plongée	diving
bout	end
dissipa	cleared
suffisamment	enough
distinguer	distinguish
couvert	covered
feuilles	leaves
grouillant	teeming
tordant	twisting
cou	neck
réussit	successful
atteint	reached
sorte	so
vaste	wide
fosse	pit
dépourvue	free
brillaient	shone
éclairaient	illuminated
spectacle	show
terrifiant	terrifying
donné	given
contempler	contemplate
petites	small
semblables	similar
celles	those
vues	views
sillonner	criss-cross
auparavant	previously
d'énormes	huge
monstres	monsters
camion	truck
pourvus	filled
quatre	four
paires	pairs
d'yeux	eyes
huit	eight
gigantesques	gigantic
l'effroyable	the appalling
retenait	held
descendit	went down
escarpée	steep
dôme	dome
toile	canvas
d'araignée	spider
occupait	occupied
centre	centre
congénères	congeners
précipitèrent	ran
côtés	sides
agitant	waving
frénétiquement	frantically
vue	view
proie	prey
transportait	carrying
l'araignée	the spider
géante	giant
lâcha	released
tomba	fell
atterrirent	landed
silencieux	silent
recroquevillé	curled up
quant	as
exactement	exactly
ressentait	felt
ouverte	open
hurlement	howl
muet	mute
sortaient	out
s'aperçut	saw
relâcher	release
train	train
l'entendre	hear
car	because
cliquetaient	cliquetaient
bruyamment	loudly
parlait	spoke
cria	cried
éléphant	elephant
émergea	emerged
dos	back
grisonnaient	grisonnaient
grosse	big
repoussante	repulsive
blanc	white
laiteux	milky
aveugle	blind
qu'y	what is
a-t-il	there
demanda-t-elle	he asked as she
humains	human
cliqueta	cliqueta
capturé	captured
s'approchant	approaching
étrangers	foreign
tuez-les	kill them
agacé	annoyed
dormir	sleep
amis	friends
l'impression	printing
cœur	heart
remonté	reassembled
gorge	throat
cliqueter	click
envoyé	sent
d'hommes	men
ennuis	trouble
haletante	panting
venus	come
vieille	old
perçut	perceived
certaine	some
inquiétude	concern
aurait-il	would it
envoyés	sent
croient	believe
lâché	let go
calmement	calmly
possible	possible
l'ont	have
agita	agita
furieux	furious
l'imitèrent	the imitated
produisaient	produced
ressemblait	looked like
applaudissements	applause
sauf	except
d'habitude	usually
rendaient	made
malade	sick
s'est	is
années	years
mauvaise	bad
humeur	mood
souviens	remember
renvoyé	returned
croyaient	believed
habitait	lived
appelaient	called
pensaient	thought
ouvert	open
libérer	free
n'habitiez	do not live in
front	front
couvrir	cover
sueur	sweat
froide	cold
né	born
pays	country
lointain	distant
voyageur	traveller
m'a	me
n'étais	there was
œuf	egg
l'époque	the time
occupé	busy
caché	hidden
placard	closet
manger	eat
généreux	generous
ami	friend
découvert	discovered
existence	existence
accusé	accused
d'avoir	to have
tué	killed
fille	girl
protégé	protected
temps-là	time
vis	screw
vient	comes
parfois	sometimes
rendre	make
visite	visit
trouvé	found
épouse	wife
mosag	mosag
peux	can
famille	family
agrandie	enlarged
cela	this
dois	do
bonté	goodness
rassembla	together
courage	courage
n'avez	do
risqua-t-il	risked-t-he
instinct	instinct
m'y	me
poussait	pushing
respect	respect
humain	human
corps	body
tuée	killed
toilettes	toilet
connaissais	knew
grandi	grew up
notre	our
espèce	species
aimons	love
calme	quiet
savez	know
parce	because
qu'aujourd'hui	today
s'attaque	attack
furent	were
noyées	drowned
bruissement	rustle
remuaient	remuaient
énormes	huge
silhouettes	silhouettes
s'étaient	had
mises	updates
s'agiter	shake
ancienne	old
craignons	fear
par-dessus	above
hier	yesterday
supplié	begged
senti	felt
bête	beast
promenait	walking
semblaient	seemed to
rapprocher	closer
parlons	let's talk about
féroce	fierce
nommons	call
révélé	revealed
l'atroce	the atrocious
l'ait	has
souvent	often
demandé	asked
voulait	wanted
insister	insist
d'ailleurs	moreover,
fatigué	tired
recula	backed
revanche	contrast
resserra	tightened
cas	case
reste	rest
l'énergie	the energy
désespoir	despair
bruissements	sounds
mes	my
fils	son
filles	girls
font	do
aucun	no
interdis	wouldn't
viande	meat
fraîche	fresh
s'aventure	if adventure
empêcher	prevent
profiter	enjoy
adieu	farewell
volte-face	volte-face
mètres	meters
dressait	was
véritable	true
mur	wall
avidité	greed
innombrables	countless
repoussantes	repel cleaners
gourmande	greedy
savait	knew
inutile	useless
trop	too
nombreuses	many
résolut	resolved
affronter	face
décidé	decided
vendre	sell
chèrement	dearly
peau	skin
retentir	sound
prolongé	extended
tandis	while
qu'une	a
intense	intense
illuminait	illuminated
brusque	sudden
incendie	fire
vitesse	speed
pleins	full
klaxon	horn
hurlant	screaming
bousculant	hustling
passage	passage
tombaient	fell
airs	air
interminables	endless
crissement	squealing
pneus	tires
s'arrêta	stopped
net	net
portières	doors
s'ouvrirent	opened
toutes	all
seules	only
attrape	grabs
hurla	screamed
ruant	kicking
siège	seat
saisit	captures
jeta	threw
l'arrière	the rear
s'installant	if installing
lui-même	himself
volant	steering wheel
refermèrent	slid shut
toucha	touched
l'accélérateur	the accelerator
moteur	engine
rugit	roars
démarrèrent	started
trombe	trombe
renversant	reversing
l'anglia	the anglia
monta	went up
côte	coast
plein	full
gaz	gas
s'enfonça	sank
indifférente	indifferent
cinglaient	grasped
pare-brise	windshield
fraya	fraya
habilement	skillfully
évidence	obviously
connaissait	knew
oblique	oblique
rentrés	back
orbites	orbits
prononcer	pronounce
droit	right
continua	continued
foncer	create
cassant	breaking
rétroviseur	rear view mirror
extérieur	outside
banquette	bench
arrière	rear
hurlait	screaming
mort	death
dix	ten
secoués	shaken
cahots	bumps
végétation	vegetation
devint	became
dense	dense
brusquement	suddenly
faillirent	almost
cogner	banging
ouvrit	opened
portière	door
au-dehors	outside
courut	ran
queue	tail
jambes	legs
fallut	took
minute	minute
entière	full
esprits	spirits
nuque	neck
raide	stiff
fixes	fixed
quitta	left
amicale	friendly
disparut	disappeared
retourna	returned
réfugié	refugee
panier	basket
couverture	coverage
ressortit	came out of it
faible	low
s'essuyant	wiping
revers	reverse
manche	sleeve
pardonnerai	forgive
vivants	living
penser	think
qu'aragog	that aragog
ferait	would
problème	problem
croit	believes
sont	are
mauvais	bad
l'a	the
mené	led
servait	served
appris	learned
n'a	did
cachant	hiding
innocent	innocent
haussa	hausa
épaules	shoulders
éclore	hatch
cachette	cache
correspondait	was
l'idée	the idea
l'innocence	the innocence
retournèrent	returned
braises	embers
consumaient	consuming
cheminée	fireplace
ôtèrent	stripped
montèrent	went up
dortoir	dormitory
laissa	let
tomber	fall
lit	bed
déshabiller	undress
sommeil	sleep
s'assit	sat
bord	edge
repensa	thought
cachait	hid
voldemort	voldemort
animal	animal
n'osaient	durst
savaient	knew
ni	or
s'y	there
prenait	took
pétrifier	petrify
victimes	victims
s'allongea	lain
regardant	looking at
brillait	shone
fenêtre	window
convenait	should
trouvaient	were
impasse	impasse
jedusor	jedusor
trompé	wrong
réussi	successful
s'échapper	escape
d'autre	on the other
deuxième	second
commençait	started
somnoler	dozing
pensa	thought
dernier	last
espoir	hope
chuchota-t-il	whispered-t-he
réveilla	woke up
échapper	escape
gémissement	moaning
jappements	barking
trouvée	found
imagine	imagine
soit	either
sortie	output
trouve	find
frotta	rubbed
froncer	pucker
sourcils	eyebrows
sembla	seemed
dis	say
balbutia-t-il	stammered out there
penses	think
mimi	mimi
geignarde	whiner
