18	18
la	the
rÉcompense	reward
de	of
dobby	dobby
il	it
y	there
eut	had
un	a
long	long
moment	time
silence	silence
tandis	while
que	that
harry	harry
ron	ron
ginny	ginny
et	and
lockhart	lockhart
se	is
tenaient	held
immobiles	still
à	to
l'entrée	the entry
du	the
bureau	office
couverts	covered
boue	mud
saleté	dirt
dans	in
le	the
cas	case
sang	blood
puis	then
grand	great
cri	cry
c'était	it was
mrs	mrs
weasley	weasley
qui	that
jusqu'à	up to
présent	this
était	was
restée	remained
assise	sitting
devant	before
cheminée	fireplace
pleurer	cry
toutes	all
les	the
larmes	tears
son	its
corps	body
elle	it
leva	rose
d'un	a
bond	bond
suivie	followed
près	near
par	by
mr	mr
tous	all
deux	two
précipitèrent	ran
sur	on
leur	their
fille	girl
mais	but
tourna	turned
regard	look
ailleurs	elsewhere
professeur	professor
dumbledore	dumbledore
tenait	held
visage	face
rayonnant	radiant
côté	side
mcgonagall	mcgonagall
respirait	breathed
profondément	deeply
mains	hands
croisées	cross
sa	its
poitrine	chest
fumseck	fawkes
fondit	burst
vint	came
poser	ask
épaule	shoulder
pendant	during
jetait	cast
pour	for
serrer	tighten
ses	its
bras	arm
vous	you
lui	him
avez	have
sauvé	saved
vie	life
comment	how
avez-vous	have you
fait	fact
c'est	it is
ce	this
nous	we
aimerions	would like to
savoir	know
dit	said
d'une	a
voix	voice
faible	low
libéra	freed
étreinte	hug
hésita	hesitated
instant	now
s'approcha	approached
posa	posa
choixpeau	sorting hat
magique	magic
l'épée	the sword
incrustée	keyed
rubis	ruby
restait	remained
journal	journal
intime	intimate
jedusor	jedusor
raconta	told
alors	then
toute	any
l'histoire	the story
suspendu	suspended
lèvres	lips
tout	all
monde	world
l'écouta	listened to him
parler	talk
quart	quarter
d'heure	time
révéla	revealed
avait	had
entendu	heard
désincarnée	disembodied
hermione	hermione
découvert	discovered
qu'il	it
s'agissait	was
basilic	basil
déplaçait	moved
tuyaux	pipes
avaient	had
suivi	follow-up
araignées	spiders
forêt	forest
aragog	aragog
fini	finished
dire	say
où	where
morte	dead
dernière	last
victime	victim
deviné	guessed
cette	this
devait	should
être	be
mimi	mimi
geignarde	whiner
chambre	room
des	of
secrets	secrets
trouvait	was
peut-être	maybe
toilettes	toilet
très	very
bien	well
lorsqu'il	when it
s'interrompit	if interrupted
donc	so
en	in
violant	violating
au	the
passage	passage
peu	little
articles	articles
règlement	regulation
l'école	the school
diable	devil
sortir	out
là	there
vivants	living
potter	potter
rauque	hoarse
d'avoir	to have
tant	as
parlé	spoken
l'arrivée	the arrival
façon	how
dont	which
donné	given
soudain	suddenly
poursuite	further
récit	story
évité	avoided
celle-ci	it
debout	standing
coté	side
tête	head
continuaient	continued
couler	flow
joues	cheeks
s'ils	if they
renvoyaient	return
pensa	thought
saisi	seized
brusque	sudden
panique	panic
perdu	lost
pouvoir	power
pourraient-ils	could they
prouver	prove
l'avait	had
manipulée	handled
malgré	despite
instinctivement	instinctively
regarda	looked at
celui-ci	it
esquissa	lips
sourire	smile
flammes	flames
dansaient	danced
reflétaient	reflected
lunettes	glasses
demi-lune	half-moon
est	is
plus	more
intéressant	interesting
mes	my
yeux	eyes
dit-il	he said
douce	soft
lord	lord
voldemort	voldemort
a	has
réussi	successful
envoûter	enchanted
d'après	after
informations	information
qu'on	we
m'a	me
données	data
cache	cache
l'heure	the time
actuelle	current
forêts	forests
d'albanie	albania
sentit	felt
une	a
merveilleuse	wonderful
impression	print
soulagement	relief
répandre	spread
q	q
quoi	what
bredouilla	gabble
blanche	white
qui-vous-savez	who-you-know
n'est	there is
pas	not
n'a	did
arrivé	arrived
cause	cause
précipitamment	hurriedly
montrant	showing
petit	small
livre	book
noir	black
appartenait	belonged
quand	when
seize	sixteen
ans	years
prit	took
contempla	stared at
longuement	long
pages	pages
humides	wet
brûlées	burned
remarquable	remarkable
murmura-t-il	he murmured
sans	without
doute	doubt
l'élève	the student
brillant	brilliant
ait	has
jamais	never
vu	seen
poudlard	hogwarts
vers	to
semblaient	seemed to
abasourdis	stunned
rares	rare
sont	are
ceux	those
savent	know
s'est	is
autrefois	once
appelé	called
tom	tom
j'ai	I
été	been
moi-même	myself
cinquante	fifty
disparu	gone
après	after
avoir	have
quitté	left
collège	college
voyagé	traveled
loin	far
traversé	crossed
nombreux	many
pays	country
plongé	immersed
si	if
magie	magic
noire	black
fréquenté	attended
pires	the worst
sorciers	wizards
livré	delivered
expériences	experiences
maléfiques	evil
réapparu	reappeared
sous	under
traits	features
devenu	now
impossible	impossible
reconnaître	recognize
aurait	would
songé	thought
établir	establish
lien	link
entre	between
garçon	boy
intelligent	smart
séduisant	seductive
préfet-en-chef	prefect-in-chief
qu'est-ce	what is this
notre	our
pouvait	could
faire	do
avec	with
sanglota	sanglota
je	I
j'écrivais	I wrote
dedans	in
me	me
répondait	met
s'exclama	exclaimed
stupéfait	stunned
ne	do
t'ai	you've
rien	nothing
appris	learned
toujours	always
te	te
fier	proud
quelque	some
chose	thing
capable	able
d'agir	to act
penser	think
seul	only
tu	you
vois	see
trouve	find
cerveau	brain
pourquoi	why
as-tu	have you
montré	shown
moi	me
ou	or
ta	your
mère	mother
objet	object
aussi	also
bizarre	weird
qu'inspiré	that inspired
savais	knew
l'ai	I
trouvé	found
livres	books
donnés	given
maman	mom
croyais	thought
quelqu'un	someone
oublié	forgot
miss	miss
devrait	should
aller	go
immédiatement	immediately
l'infirmerie	the infirmary
l'interrompit	the interrupted
ferme	farm
épreuve	test
terrible	terrible
n'y	there
aura	will
aucune	no
sanction	penalty
âgés	older
avisés	notified
qu'elle	it
ont	have
aveuglés	blinded
s'avança	advanced
porte	door
l'ouvrit	the opened
repos	rest
voilà	this is
faut	must
grande	great
tasse	cup
chocolat	chocolate
tel	such
remonter	back
moral	moral
adressant	sending
clin	clin
d'œil	eye
madame	mrs.
pomfresh	pomfresh
encore	yet
couchée	lying
train	train
d'administrer	administer
philtre	potion
mandragore	mandrake
crois	believe
victimes	victims
vont	go
bientôt	soon
réveiller	wake up
va	will
séquelles	sequelae
assura	assura
emmena	took
mari	husband
paraissait	seemed
ébranlé	shaken
ma	my
chère	dear
minerva	minerva
air	air
songeur	pensive
s'adressant	addressing
cela	this
mérite	merit
bon	good
festin	feast
puis-je	can I
demander	ask
d'aller	go
prévenir	prevent
cuisines	kitchens
d'accord	agreement
répondit	replied
vivement	strongly
allant	from
laisse	leaves
occuper	care
n'est-ce	is this
oui	yes
lorsqu'elle	when it
fut	was
sortie	output
regardèrent	looked
incertain	uncertain
voulait	wanted
exactement	exactly
parlant	speaking
s'occuper	care
d'eux	of them
ils	they
n'allaient	not going to
même	even
punis	punished
semble	seems
avertis	warned
serais	would be
obligé	forced
renvoyer	return
surprenais	surprised
enfreindre	break
nouvelle	new
fois	time
ouvrit	opened
bouche	mouth
horrifié	horrified
prouve	proves
meilleurs	best
d'entre	of
peuvent	can
amenés	brought
contredire	to contradict
poursuivit	continued
souriant	smiling
allez	go
recevoir	receive
récompense	reward
spéciale	special
services	services
rendus	rendered
l'ecole	the school
voyons	see
vais	'll
donner	give
cents	cents
points	points
chacun	each
gryffondor	gryffindor
teinte	hue
rosé	rosé
vif	bright
referma	closed
l'impression	printing
l'un	one
reste	rest
silencieux	silent
rôle	role
joué	played
dangereuse	dangerous
aventure	adventure
ajouta	added
êtes-vous	are you
modeste	modest
gilderoy	gilderoy
sursauta	gasped
complètement	completely
retourna	returned
vit	lives
coin	corner
pièce	room
vague	wave
aux	the
lorsque	when
s'adressa	addressed
par-	by-
dessus	top
croyant	believing
parlait	spoke
d'autre	on the other
eu	had
accident	accident
suis	am
s'étonna	was surprised
j'imagine	I guess
devais	had to
mauvais	bad
non	not
essayé	tried
jeter	throw
sortilège	hex
d'amnésie	amnesia
baguette	wand
retournée	returned
contre	against
expliqua	explained
chance	chance
hochant	nodding
êtes	are
assis	sitting
votre	your
propre	own
épée	sword
éteinte	off
n'ai	haven
d'épée	sword
ajouta-	added-
t-il	t-he
prêtera	loan
sûrement	surely
pourriez-vous	could you
emmener	take
demanda	asked
quelques	a few
mots	words
sortit	went out
lent	slow
suivit	followed
jetant	throwing
intrigué	intrigued
fauteuils	chairs
assieds-toi	sit down
obéit	obeys
sentait	felt
étrangement	strangely
inquiet	worried
commencer	start
voudrais	would like to
remercier	thank
m'as	me
vraiment	really
fidèle	faithful
seule	only
parfaite	perfect
loyauté	loyalty
part	share
amener	bring
venir	come
ton	your
secours	relief
caressa	stroked
phénix	phoenix
s'était	had
posé	asked
genou	knee
timide	shy
as	as
rencontré	met
beaucoup	a lot
intéressé	interested
toi	you
tracassait	bothered her,
franchit	crosses
enfin	finally
presque	almost
j'étais	I was
comme	as
étions	were
semblables	similar
regardant	looking at
épais	thick
sourcils	eyebrows
argentés	silver
qu'en	in
penses-tu	do you think
sois	am
fort	fort
l'aurait	would have
voulu	wanted
remontait	back
surface	surface
reprit-il	"he said
j'aurais	I would have
serpentard	slytherin
cru	raw
l'héritier	the heir
parce	because
parle	speaks
fourchelang	fourchelang
parles	talk
paisible	peaceful
dernier	last
descendant	descendant
salazar	salazar
également	also
moins	less
trompe	wrong
t'a	you
transmis	transmitted
certains	some
pouvoirs	powers
soir	evening
cicatrice	scar
sûr	course
n'était	there was
intention	intention
lui-même	himself
atterré	aghast
devrais	should
désespéré	desperate
appartenaient	belonged
envoyé	sent
acheva	completed
ecoute-moi	listen to me
possèdes	have
qualités	qualities
appréciait	appreciated
chez	in
élèves	students
faculté	faculty
l'ingéniosité	the ingenuity
détermination	determination
certain	some
dédain	disdain
règlements	regulations
pourtant	yet
sais	know
réfléchis	think
demandé	asked
défaite	defeat
rend	makes
différent	different
nos	our
choix	choice
montrent	show
sommes	are
aptitudes	skills
assommé	knocked out
immobile	still
fauteuil	chair
veux	want to
preuve	proof
appartiens	am
suggère	suggests
d'examiner	review
ceci	this
tendit	handed
main	hand
tachée	stained
donna	donna
celui-	the
ci	it
fit	fit
tourner	turn
incrustés	inlaid
poignée	handle
étincelaient	sparkled
lueur	glow
brûlaient	burned
gravé	engraved
juste	just
au-dessous	below
garde	guard
godric	godric
véritable	true
trouver	find
simplement	simply
restèrent	stayed
tiroirs	drawers
plume	pen
bouteille	bottle
d'encre	ink
besoin	need
manger	eat
dormir	sleep
descendre	down
prendre	take
j'écris	I write
prison	prison
d'azkaban	of azkaban
temps	time
récupérer	recover
garde-chasse	gamekeeper
dois	do
rédiger	write
petite	small
annonce	ad
gazette	gazette
sorcier	sorcerer
faudra	will
nouveau	new
défense	defence
forces	forces
mal	evil
décidément	decidedly
durent	last
longtemps	for a long time
venait	came
s'ouvrit	opened
violemment	violently
projeté	projected
mur	wall
lucius	lucius
malefoy	malfoy
entrée	entry
marqué	marked
fureur	fury
recroquevillé	curled up
enveloppé	wrapped
bandages	bandages
bonsoir	hello
aimable	kind
faillit	almost
renverser	reverse
entrant	incoming
suivait	followed
petits	small
précipités	precipitates
accroupi	crouching
pieds	feet
ravagé	ravaged
terreur	terror
abjecte	abject
lança	launched
fixant	fixing
glacial	icy
conseil	council
d'administration	of directors
estimez	feel
droit	right
revenir	return
voyez-vous	do you see
serein	serene
onze	eleven
autres	other
membres	members
m'ont	I have
écrit	written
aujourd'hui	today
d'être	to be
pris	taken
tempête	storm
hiboux	owls
d'arthur	arthur
voulaient	wanted
revienne	return
croire	believe
qu'après	after
l'homme	the man
fallait	had to
poste	post
raconté	told
histoires	stories
étranges	strange
plusieurs	several
eux	them
affirment	say
menacé	threatened
malédiction	curse
famille	family
refusaient	refused
d'approuver	to approve
suspension	suspension
devint	became
pâle	pale
d'habitude	usually
continuait	continued
lancer	launch
éclairs	lightning
mettre	put
terme	term
ces	these
agressions	assault
ricana-t-il	o-t-he
capturé	captured
coupable	guilty
effet	effect
eh	eh
est-ce	is this
agi	acted
l'intermédiaire	the intermediate
moyen	average
montra	showed
percé	pierced
trou	hole
observant	observing
attentivement	carefully
réaction	reaction
regardait	watched
l'elfe	the elf
étrange	strange
comportement	behavior
grands	great
fixés	set
cessait	stopped
pointer	point
doigt	finger
donnait	gave
ensuite	then
coups	shots
poing	fist
lentement	slowly
plan	plan
judicieux	a good idea
égale	equal
quitter	leave
car	because
ici	here
bref	brief
perçant	piercing
ami	friend
n'avaient	had
serait	would be
apparue	appeared
personne	person
n'aurait	would
pu	could
volonté	will
resta	remained
figé	frozen
masque	mask
imaginez	imagine
produit	product
éminentes	eminent
familles	families
conséquences	consequences
affaire	case
arthur	arthur
acte	act
protection	protection
moldus	muggle
on	it
agressait	agressait
tuait	killed
enfants	children
heureusement	fortunately
souvenirs	memories
contenait	contained
effacés	deleted
sait	knows
advenu	fate
contraire	contrary
força	forced
raideur	stiffness
derrière	behind
dos	back
avant	before
comprit	understood
signe	sign
recula	backed
tordant	twisting
oreilles	ears
punir	punish
savez	know
possession	possession
devrais-je	should I
idiote	silly
s'y	there
prise	outlet
dénicher	find
répliqua	replied
Ça	It
passé	past
fleury	fleury
bott	bott
vieux	old
métamorphoses	metamorphoses
glissé	slipped
poings	fists
faudrait	should
siffla-t-il	whistle-t-he
oh	oh
arrivera	will
maintenant	now
effacé	deleted
autre	other
conseille	advises
distribuer	distribute
vieilles	old
fournitures	supplies
scolaires	school
certaines	some
elles	they
tombaient	fell
innocentes	innocent
pense	think
qu'arthur	arthur
ferait	would
qu'elles	they
nettement	clearly
contracter	contract
l'envie	the desire
démangeait	itchy
finalement	finally
elfe	elf
maison	home
s'en	in
brutalement	brutally
pied	foot
entendirent	heard
cris	cree
douleur	pain
s'éloignait	depart
couloir	hallway
réfléchit	thinking
l'idée	the idea
cherchait	was looking for
peux	can
rendre	make
s'il	if it
plaît	please
dépêche-toi	hurry
n'oublie	do not forget
t'attend	waiting for you
trombe	trombe
entendait	heard
s'éloignaient	go
l'angle	the angle
enleva	removed
chaussures	shoes
ôta	took off
chaussette	sock
sale	dirty
boueuse	muddy
fourra	stuffed
courut	ran
rattrapa	caught
qu'ils	they
s'apprêtaient	preparing
l'escalier	the stairs
haletante	panting
mit	mit
crasseuse	grimy
arracha	tore
jeta	threw
terre	earth
furieux	furious
jours	days
connaîtras	know
sort	fate
lamentable	sorry
tes	your
parents	parents
basse	low
imbéciles	fools
mêlaient	mixed
talons	heels
viens	just
bougea	moved
répugnante	disgusting
contemplait	contemplated
trésor	treasure
inestimable	priceless
maître	master
émerveillé	amazed
l'a	the
donnée	given
racontes	talking about
reçu	received
expression	expression
d'incrédulité	of disbelief
jetée	pier
attrapée	caught
libre	free
figea	froze
place	place
rua	rua
perdre	lose
mon	my
serviteur	servant
rugit-il	roars-it
ferez	will
s'écria	cried
détonation	detonation
assourdissante	deafening
arrière	rear
tomba	fell
retrouva	found
étalé	spread
bas	the bottom
marches	steps
livide	livid
releva	rose
sortant	outgoing
menaçant	threatening
allez-vous-en	are you going to-
féroce	fierce
pointé	pointed
toucherez	touch
partez	go
n'avait	had
assassin	assassin
s'enveloppa	wrapped herself
cape	cape
s'éloigna	walked away
libéré	released
aiguë	acute
rayon	radius
lune	moon
reflétait	reflected
globuleux	globose
répéta-t-il	he kept telling her
puisse	can
promets-moi	promise me
essayer	try
sauver	save
repoussant	pushing
fendit	split
large	wide
découvrit	discovered
édentée	toothless
question	question
enfilait	put on
gestes	gestures
fébriles	febrile
histoire	history
voir	see
celui-dont-	he-who-
on-ne-doit-pas-prononcer-le-nom	we-do-must-not-pronounce-the-name
souviens	remember
indice	index
monsieur	mr.
évidence	obviously
librement	freely
prononcer	pronounce
nom	name
seigneur	lord
ténèbres	darkness
change	exchange
comprenez	understand
vrai	true
m'en	me
aille	go
amie	friend
doit	must
réveillée	woke up
entoura	surrounded
taille	size
serra	serra
croyait	believed
sanglota-t-il	sanglota-t-he
adieu	farewell
disparut	disappeared
déjà	already
participé	participated
festins	treats
n'en	do
connu	known
semblable	similar
pyjama	pajamas
réjouissances	festivities
durèrent	lasted
nuit	night
su	su
quel	what
meilleur	best
courant	current
criant	screaming
l'as	the ace
vaincu	defeated
justin	justin
levant	rising
table	table
poufsouffle	hufflepuff
s'excuser	apologize
l'avoir	have
soupçonné	suspected
hagrid	hagrid
apparaissant	appearing
trois	three
heures	hours
demie	half
matin	morning
donnant	giving
tape	tape
plonger	dive
assiette	plate
quatre	four
gagner	win
assurait	ensured
deuxième	second
année	year
consécutive	consecutive
victoire	victory
coupe	cup
maisons	houses
examens	reviews
annulés	cancelled
guise	as
cadeau	gift
fin	end
d'année	of the year
annonçant	announcing
pourrait	could
reprendre	resume
cours	during
l'année	the year
suivante	following
soigner	treat
saluée	hailed
nombreuses	many
acclamations	cheers
professeurs	teachers
dommage	damage
reprenant	taking
beignet	donut
commençais	started
sympathique	friendly
trimestre	quarter
déroula	took place
soleil	sun
resplendissant	resplendent
retrouvé	found
normale	normal
toutefois	however
changements	changes
supprimé	deleted
(	(
suffisamment	enough
travaux	work
pratiques	practices
faisait	was
grise	grey
mine)	mine)
renvoyé	returned
drago	drago
pavanait	pavanait
château	castle
allures	gait / movement
propriétaire	owner
semblait	seemed
sombre	dark
amer	bitter
revanche	contrast
joie	joy
vivre	live
express	express
ramener	bring
vacances	holiday
d'été	summer
fred	fred
george	george
occupaient	occupied
compartiment	compartment
seuls	only
distractions	distractions
manquèrent	missed
voyage	travel
firent	did
exploser	explode
derniers	last
pétards	firecrackers
dr	dr
flibuste	flibuste
s'entraînèrent	practiced
désarmer	disarm
exercice	exercise
lequel	which
montrait	showed
particulièrement	particularly
doué	gifted
atteint	reached
gare	station
king's	king's
cross	cross
rappela	reminded
percy	percy
surpris	surprised
surtout	especially
soit	either
ah	ah
riant	laughing
laissant	leaving
tomber	fall
pile	battery
préfète	préfète
serdaigle	ravenclaw
pénélope	penelope
deauclaire	deauclaire
passait	passed
écrire	write
l'été	the summer
donnaient	gave
rendez-vous	appointment
jour	day
ai	I
s'embrasser	kissing
classe	class
vide	empty
tellement	so
bouleversé	upset
agressée	attacked
n'allez	not going to
moquer	fun
hein	eh
ajouta-t-elle	"she added,
heureux	happy
annoncer	announce
date	date
anniversaire	anniversary
avancée	advanced
certainement	certainly
ricanant	a chuckle
ralentit	slows down
s'arrêta	stopped
parchemin	parchment
s'appelle	is called
numéro	number
téléphone	phone
écrivant	writing
chiffres	figures
morceaux	pieces
l'autre	the other
expliqué	explained
père	father
marche	walking
saura	will
servir	serve
appelez-moi	call me
dursley	dursley
supporterai	enduring
passer	pass
mois	months
dudley	dudley
compagnie	company
tante	aunt
oncle	uncle
fiers	proud
sauront	will
descendaient	down
suivaient	followed
foule	crowd
direction	management
barrière	barrier
es	es
folle	crazy
plein	full
d'occasions	opportunities
mourir	die
lieu	place
d'en	to
profiter	enjoy
débrouillé	managed
survivre	survive
ensemble	all
franchirent	crossed
s'ouvrait	opened
matieres	contents
1	1
trÈs	very
2	2
l'avertissement	the warning
3	3
terrier	terrier
4	4
5	5
saule	willow
cogneur	slugger
6	6
gllderoy	gllderoy
7	7
sang-de-bourbe	blood-of-mire
drÔle	funny
8	8
l'anniversaire	the anniversary
mort	death
9	9
10	10
cognard	cognard
fou	crazy
11	11
club	club
duel	duel
12	12
polynectar	polynectar
13	13
14	14
cornelius	cornelius
fudge	fudge
15	15
16	16
17	17
l'hÉritier	the heir
19	19
l'auteur	the author
j	j
k	k
rowling	rowling
née	born
1967	1967
galles	wales
études	studies
l'université	the university
d'exeter	exeter
paris	paris
diplômée	graduate
langue	language
littérature	literature
française	French
d'abord	first
travaillé	worked
londres	london
sein	within
l'association	the association
amnesty	amnesty
international	international
enseigné	taught
français	French
1990	1990
école	school
magicien	magician
commencé	started
germer	sprout
esprit	spirit
attendait	waiting
retard	delay
tard	later
aventures	adventures
l'apprenti	the apprentice
entre-temps	meanwhile
partie	part
enseigner	teach
portugal	portugal
épousé	married
journaliste	journalist
portugais	Portuguese
jessica	jessica
divorce	divorce
installée	installed
edimbourg	edinburgh
vivait	lived
situation	situation
précaire	precarious
six	six
consacrée	dedicated
l'écriture	writing
suite	suite
ressemble	looks like
conte	tale
fées	fairy
premier	first
agent	agent
auquel	which
manuscrit	manuscript
retint	retained
aussitôt	as soon
publication	publication
vendu	sold
enchères	auction
etats-unis	united states
grosse	big
avance	advance
versée	paid
auteur	author
jeunesse	youth
volume	volume
dès	as soon
parution	release
succès	success
phénoménal	phenomenal
grande-bretagne	great britain
qu'à	as
l'étranger	the foreign
traduit	translated
trente	thirty
langues	languages
vingt	twenty
millions	million
d'exemplaires	copies
vendus	sold
entier	integer
l'espace	the space
dix-huit	eighteen
remporté	won
prix	price
prestigieux	prestigious
publié	published
ventes	sales
adultes	adults
confondus	confused
États-unis	United states
volumes	volumes
suivants	the following
cessent	stop
quant	as
confirmer	confirm
sept	seven
total	total
prévus	provided
rythme	pace
an	year
fera	will
grandir	grow
évoluer	evolve
mûrir	mature
représente	represents
tenant	taking into
éloignée	remote
possible	possible
médias	media
étourdissant	stunning
afin	in order
consacrer	devote
l'anglais	English
jean-françois	jean-françois
menard	menard
