12	12
le	the
patronus	patronus
harry	harry
savait	knew
qu'hermione	as hermione
n'avait	had
eu	had
que	that
de	of
bonnes	good
intentions	intentions
en	in
agissant	acting
ainsi	as well
mais	but
il	it
ne	do
pouvait	could
s'empêcher	help
lui	him
vouloir	want to
pendant	during
quelques	a few
heures	hours
avait	had
été	been
l'heureux	the happy
propriétaire	owner
du	the
meilleur	best
balai	broom
monde	world
et	and
à	to
présent	this
cause	cause
d'elle	it
plus	more
s'il	if it
reverrait	'd never see him again
un	a
jour	day
était	was
absolument	absolutely
sûr	course
l'Éclair	the Flash
feu	fire
fonctionnait	worked
merveille	wonder
dans	in
quel	what
état	state
serait-il	would it be
après	after
avoir	have
subi	suffered
toute	any
une	a
série	series
contre-sorts	counter-spells
ron	ron
aussi	also
furieux	furious
contre	against
hermione	hermione
pour	for
démonter	disassemble
Éclair	Flash
flambant	brand
neuf	nine
constituait	was
véritable	true
sacrilège	sacrilege
convaincue	convinced
d'avoir	to have
agi	acted
mieux	better
évita	evita
désormais	now
la	the
salle	room
commune	common
pensèrent	thought
qu'elle	it
dû	due
se	is
réfugier	refuge
bibliothèque	library
n'essayèrent	not tried
pas	not
d'aller	go
chercher	search
finalement	finally
ils	they
furent	were
mécontents	unhappy
voir	see
revenir	return
les	the
autres	other
élèves	students
l'école	the school
jours	days
nouvel	new
an	year
très	very
vite	fast
tour	tour
gryffondor	gryffindor
retrouva	found
sa	its
foule	crowd
son	its
agitation	agitation
habituelles	the usual
dubois	dubois
vint	came
veille	eve
rentrée	back to school
tu	you
as	as
passé	past
bon	good
noël	christmas
demanda-t-il	he asked
puis	then
sans	without
attendre	wait
réponse	response
s'assit	sat
ajouta	added
voix	voice
basse	low
j'ai	I
réfléchi	thought
vacances	holiday
ce	this
qui	that
s'est	is
dernier	last
match	match
comprends	understand
si	if
détraqueurs	détraqueurs
reviennent	return
prochain	next
on	it
peut	can
permettre	allow
enfin	finally
s'interrompit	if interrupted
mal	evil
l'aise	comfortable
je	I
suis	am
train	train
faire	do
quelque	some
chose	thing
ça	it
s'arrange	arranges
répondit	replied
précipitamment	hurriedly
professeur	professor
lupin	lupin
a	has
dit	said
qu'il	it
allait	would
m'entraîner	train me
repousser	push
devrait	should
commencer	start
cette	this
semaine	week
m'a	me
aurait	would
temps	time
ah	ah
s'exclama	exclaimed
regard	look
soudain	suddenly
clair	clear
cas	case
sais	know
voudrais	would like to
te	te
perdre	lose
comme	as
attrapeur	monkey net
commandé	ordered
nouveau	new
non	not
quoi	what
faudrait	should
dépêcher	hurry
peux	can
quand	when
même	even
monter	mount
vieille	old
Étoile	Star
filante	shooting
serdaigle	ravenclaw
reçu	received
plaisantes	pleasant
vrai	true
t'énerve	bugging you
olivier	olivier
sombrement	darkly
l'ai	I
confisqué	confiscated
raconta	told
alors	then
l'histoire	the story
ensorcelé	bewitched
s'étonna	was surprised
fait	fact
sirius	sirius
black	black
d'une	a
lasse	lasse
paraît	seems
veut	wants to
ma	my
peau	skin
mcgonagall	mcgonagall
pense	think
c'est	it is
peut-être	maybe
me	me
l'a	the
envoyé	sent
n'aurait	would
jamais	never
pu	could
acheter	buy
est	is
fuite	leak
tout	all
pays	country
ses	its
trousses	kits
comment	how
veux-tu	do you want to
entre	between
magasin	store
insiste	insists
soit	either
entièrement	fully
démonté	disassembled
pâlit	pale
vais	'll
aller	go
parler	talk
promit-il	promise
raisonner	reason
notre	our
équipe	team
elle	it
souhaite	wish
victoire	victory
autant	as much
nous	we
convaincre	convince
cours	during
reprirent	resumed
lendemain	next day
passer	pass
deux	two
parc	park
par	by
matinée	morning
glaciale	icy
janvier	January
rien	nothing
séduisant	seductive
hagrid	hagrid
l'idée	the idea
divertir	entertain
allumant	lighting
joie	joy
plein	full
salamandres	salamanders
classe	class
amusante	fun
qu'à	as
l'ordinaire	the ordinary
consista	was
ramasser	pick up
bois	wood
sec	dry
des	of
feuilles	leaves
entretenir	maintain
flammes	flames
grande	great
reptiles	reptiles
délectaient	tickled
courir	run
sauter	jump
sur	on
tas	heap
bûches	logs
brûlantes	hot
revanche	contrast
premier	first
divination	divination
trimestre	quarter
révéla	revealed
beaucoup	a lot
moins	less
réjouissant	pleasing
trelawney	trelawney
leur	their
apprenait	learned
lire	read
lignes	lines
main	hand
tarda	soon
guère	little
informer	inform
possédait	had
ligne	line
vie	life
courte	short
eût	had
vue	view
hâte	looking forward
retourner	return
défense	defence
forces	forces
conversation	conversation
avec	with
voulait	wanted
apprendre	learn
possible	possible
défendre	defend
oui	yes
lorsque	when
fin	end
rappeler	remember
promesse	promise
voyons	see
huit	eight
soir	evening
jeudi	Thursday
vous	you
convient	should be
d'histoire	history
magie	magic
être	be
suffisamment	enough
faut	must
réfléchisse	think about
façon	how
dont	which
allons	will
y	there
prendre	take
pouvons	can
venir	come
détraqueur	détraqueur
au	the
château	castle
entraîner	cause
toujours	always
mauvaise	bad
mine	mine
trouves	find
chemin	path
où	where
rendaient	made
dîner	dinner
qu'est-ce	what is this
ton	your
avis	notice
vraiment	really
lança	launched
quelqu'un	someone
derrière	behind
eux	them
c'était	it was
assise	sitting
pied	foot
armure	armor
rangeait	away
livres	books
sac	bag
craquer	crack
n'arrivait	there was
refermer	close
humeur	mood
d'un	a
hautain	haughty
hissant	hoisting
épaule	shoulder
pourquoi	why
dis	say
moment	time
demande	request
qu'a	that has
évident	obvious
répliqua	replied
expression	expression
exaspérante	maddening
supériorité	superiority
veux	want to
dire	say
grogna	" 
bien	well
air	air
dédaigneux	dismissive
s'éloignant	away
couloir	hallway
n'en	do
sait	knows
voudrait	would like to
simplement	simply
qu'on	we
recommence	again
quitta	left
rendre	make
lorsqu'il	when it
arriva	came to pass
vide	empty
plongée	diving
l'obscurité	the dark
alluma	lit
lampes	lamps
coup	blow
baguette	wand
magique	magic
attendit	waited
cinq	five
minutes	minutes
tard	later
entra	entered
caisse	fund
posa	posa
bureau	office
demanda	asked
autre	other
épouvantard	épouvantard
enlevant	removing
cape	cape
j'en	I
ai	I
cherché	sought
depuis	since
mardi	Tuesday
heureusement	fortunately
fini	finished
trouver	find
l'armoire	the cabinet
rusard	rusard
rapprocher	closer
verra	see
l'épouvantard	the épouvantard
va	will
l'aspect	the aspect
pourrons	can
donc	so
s'en	in
servira	will
garderai	keep
mon	my
d'accord	agreement
essayant	trying
cacher	hide
appréhension	apprehension
sortit	went out
fit	fit
signe	sign
d'en	to
sortilège	hex
enseigner	teach
acte	act
avancée	advanced
dépasse	exceeds
loin	far
niveau	level
sorcellerie	witchcraft
cycle	cycle
l'appelle	the calls
marche	walking
inquiétude	concern
déroule	place
normalement	normally
verrez	see
apparaître	appear
c'est-à-dire	that is to say,
sorte	so
d'anti-détraqueur	anti-détraqueur
protecteur	protector
jouera	play
rôle	role
bouclier	shield
s'imagina	imagined
blotti	nestled
taille	size
brandissant	waving
énorme	huge
massue	club
poursuivit	continued
représente	represents
force	force
positive	positive
projection	projection
sert	serves
nourriture	food
aux	the
–	-
l'espoir	hope
bonheur	happiness
désir	desire
vivre	live
l'inverse	the reverse
humains	human
ressentir	feel
désespoir	despair
dois	do
cependant	however
avertir	warn
trop	too
complexe	complex
nombreux	many
sorciers	wizards
hautement	highly
qualifiés	qualified
ont	have
difficultés	difficulties
mettre	put
pratique	practice
ressemble	looks like
chacun	each
unique	single
change	exchange
forme	form
selon	according to
sorcier	sorcerer
fait-on	we
prononçant	speaking
incantation	casting
produira	will
effet	effect
concentrez	focus
toutes	all
vos	your
souvenir	remember
particulièrement	particularly
heureux	happy
chercha	sought
souvenirs	memories
évidence	obviously
arrivé	arrived
chez	in
dursley	dursley
partie	part
réflexion	reflection
choisit	chooses
s'était	had
envolé	flew
prêt	loan
dit-il	he said
s'efforçant	striving
précisément	precisely
merveilleuse	wonderful
sensation	sensation
éprouvée	proven
élevé	high
première	first
fois	time
airs	air
voici	here
l'incantation	the cast
prononcer	pronounce
s'éclaircit	clears up
gorge	throat
spero	spero
patronum	patronum
répéta	repeated
mi-voix	mi-voice
êtes	are
concentré	concentrate
votre	your
oh	oh
ramenant	back
pensées	thoughts
vol	flight
patrono	patron
excusez-moi	excuse me
jaillit	springs
l'extrémité	the end
fumée	smoke
argentée	silver
avez	have
vu	seen
enthousiaste	enthusiastic
Ça	It
marché	market
souriant	smiling
essayer	try
crispée	creased
essaya	tried
concentrer	focus
d'autre	on the other
essayait	tried
détourner	divert
attention	attention
instant	now
mère	mother
retentir	sound
tête	head
devait	should
surtout	especially
penser	think
sinon	otherwise
l'entendrait	the hear
ou	or
souhaitait	wanted
malgré	despite
saisit	captures
couvercle	cover
souleva	raised
aussitôt	as soon
s'éleva	rose
lentement	slowly
dissimulée	concealed
sous	under
cagoule	hood
luisante	shiny
putréfiée	out rotten
serrant	tightening
éclairaient	illuminated
vacillèrent	vacillèrent
s'éteignirent	went out
s'avança	advanced
vers	to
celui-	the
ci	it
entendit	heard
bruit	noise
caractéristique	feature
respiration	breathing
semblable	similar
râle	rattle
tandis	while
qu'une	a
vague	wave
glacée	ice
répandait	spread
corps	body
hurla	screamed
autour	around
semblaient	seemed to
dissoudre	dissolve
sentit	felt
nouvelle	new
happé	caught up
brouillard	fog
blanc	white
épais	thick
puissante	powerful
résonna	rang
supplie	beg
ferai	will
voudrez	want to
pousse-toi	push yourself
idiote	silly
allez	go
reprit	took
brusquement	suddenly
conscience	consciousness
étendu	extended
plancher	floor
s'étaient	had
rallumées	again
inutile	useless
demander	ask
désolé	sorry
murmura-t-il	he murmured
redressant	straightening
visage	face
ruisselant	dripping
sueur	sweat
froide	cold
sentez	feel
releva	rose
s'accrochant	clinging
l'une	one
tables	tables
s'appuya	leaned
dessus	top
maintenir	maintain
debout	standing
tenez	hold
donna	donna
chocogrenouille	chocogrenouille
mangez	eat
ensuite	then
recommencera	start
m'attendais	was expecting
réussissiez	to succeed
j'aurais	I would have
stupéfait	stunned
pire	worst
marmonna	muttered
croquant	crunchy
grenouille	frog
j'entendais	I heard
encore	yet
fort	fort
voldemort	voldemort
sembla	seemed
pâle	pale
d'habitude	usually
préférez	prefer
arrêter	stop
là	there
comprendrai	'll understand
continuer	continue
protesta	protested
féroce	fierce
engloutissant	engulfing
reste	rest
passera	will
arrivent	arrive
chute	fall
perdons	lose
aurons	will
perdu	lost
coupe	cup
faudrait-il	would it
celui-ci	it
semble	seems
intense	intense
réfléchit	thinking
décida	decided
remporté	won
quatre	four
maisons	houses
l'année	the year
dernière	last
véritablement	truly
serra	serra
doigts	fingers
milieu	middle
posant	posing
mains	hands
boîte	box
concentra	concentra
chasser	hunt
esprit	spirit
appréhensions	apprehensions
passerait	would
s'ouvrirait	it would open
allons-y	let's go
lumières	lights
froid	cold
glacé	glossy
répandit	spread
glissa	slipped
hors	out
tendit	handed
pat	pat
engourdit	numbs
gigantesques	gigantic
formes	forms
contours	contours
incertains	uncertain
bougeaient	moved
celle	the
homme	man
criait	shouted
pris	taken
panique	panic
lily	lily
prends	take
va-t'en	go
retenir	remember
trébuchait	tripping
porte	door
s'ouvrait	opened
volée	fly
gloussement	giggle
rire	laugh
suraigu	hyperacute
réveillez-vous	wake up
tapotait	tapotait
vigoureusement	vigorously
joues	cheeks
fois-ci	time
mit	mit
longtemps	for a long time
comprendre	understand
parquet	parquet
poussiéreux	dusty
entendu	heard
père	father
bredouilla-t-il	gabble-t-he
j'entends	I hear
essayé	tried
d'affronter	face
seul	only
donner	give
s'enfuir	escape
rendit	made
compte	account
larmes	tears
mêlaient	mixed
ruisselait	streamed
pencha	bent
s'essuyer	wipe
pan	pan
robe	dress
faisant	making
semblant	pretend
relacer	relacer
chaussure	shoe
voie	way
pleurer	cry
james	james
étrange	strange
relevant	under
connaissiez	know
étions	were
amis	friends
poudlard	hogwarts
crois	believe
ferions	would
rester	stay
n'aurais	would have
l'apprendre	learn
concentre	focus
voilà	this is
attendez	wait
fouilla	fumbled
mémoire	memory
recherche	search
pourrait	could
transformer	transform
puissant	powerful
découvert	discovered
quitter	leave
études	studies
souvenir-là	remember-there
n'était	there was
aucun	no
l'être	the be
renaître	reborn
éprouvé	proven
apprenant	learner
échapper	escape
privet	privet
drive	drive
semblait	seemed
renouveler	renew
l'expérience	the experience
troisième	third
dressa	set
cris	cree
avaient	had
recommencé	again
résonner	resonate
s'ils	if they
provenaient	came
radio	radio
réglée	set
intensité	intensity
diminuait	decreased
augmentait	increased
voyait	saw
s'immobilisa	froze
immense	huge
ombre	shadow
flotta	floated
l'air	the air
l'impression	printing
jambes	legs
liquéfiées	liquefied
tenait	held
combien	how
riddikulus	riddikulus
rugit	roars
précipitant	precipitating
eut	had
craquement	crunch
sonore	sound
volatilisa	dissolved
laissa	let
tomber	fall
chaise	chair
tremblantes	trembling
venait	came
plusieurs	several
kilomètres	kilometres
coin	corner
l'œil	the eye
vit	lives
obliger	require
rentrer	return
repris	taken
sphère	sphere
excellent	excellent
bravo	bravo
début	beginning
essai	test
juste	just
maintenant	now
fermement	firmly
suffit	just
barre	bar
chocolat	chocolate
honeydukes	honeydukes
madame	mrs.
pomfresh	pomfresh
sera	will be
furieuse	furious
moi	me
heure	time
prochaine	next
croqua	croqua
morceau	song
éteignait	off
disparu	gone
pensée	thought
traversa	crossed
l'esprit	the spirit
connu	known
connaître	know
tourna	turned
vivement	strongly
croire	believe
sèchement	curtly
étaient	were
détendit	relaxed
connaissais	knew
plutôt	rather
croyais	thought
feriez	would
d'y	there
avança	advanced
socle	base
finir	finish
regrettait	regretted
parlé	spoken
moindre	less
envie	want
d'aborder	address
sujet	about
repensa	thought
sentait	felt
épuisé	exhausted
étrangement	strangely
l'estomac	the stomach
entendre	hear
répéter	repeat
dernières	last
paroles	lyrics
prononcées	pronounced
parents	parents
avant	before
mort	death
terrible	terrible
épreuve	test
entendait	heard
leurs	their
petite	small
enfance	childhood
produire	produce
efficace	effective
renoncer	waive
tentation	temptation
sont	are
morts	dead
gravement	seriously
échos	echoes
fera	will
revivre	relive
ressaisir	re-enter
gagner	win
quidditch	quidditch
leva	rose
dirigea	led
reprise	recovery
l'équipe	the team
joua	played
serpentard	slytherin
ces	these
derniers	last
l'emportèrent	prevailed
peu	little
l'on	we
croyait	believed
bonne	good
prendraient	would
deuxième	second
place	place
parvenaient	could
battre	beat
porta	porta
nombre	number
séances	sessions
d'entraînement	training
cela	this
signifiait	meant
qu'avec	with
anti-détraqueurs	anti-détraqueurs
eux-	them-
mêmes	same
épuisants	exhausting
six	six
disposait	had
devoirs	duties
supportait	supported
pourtant	yet
contraintes	constraints
emploi	employment
paraissait	seemed
écrasée	crushed
surcharge	overload
travail	work
chaque	each
étalait	spread
calculs	calculations
d'arithmancie	of arithmancie
dictionnaires	dictionaries
runes	runes
schémas	patterns
représentant	representative
moldus	muggle
soulever	lift
objets	objects
lourds	heavy
liasses	bundles
parchemins	scrolls
contenant	containing
notes	notes
détaillées	detailed
parlait	spoke
rarement	rarely
répliquait	exclaimed
quiconque	anyone
l'interrompait	interrupts
arrive	happens
soir-là	evening
entassé	piled
tant	as
devant	before
peine	penalty
assister	attend
tous	all
matin	morning
prof	prof
elles	they
parlaient	spoke
d'hier	yesterday
n'a	did
puisqu'elle	since it
soins	care
créatures	creatures
magiques	magic
ernie	ernie
macmillan	macmillan
ratait	missed
qu'ils	they
presque	almost
lieu	place
ceux	those
manque	lack
l'instant	the moment
sonder	probe
mystères	mysteries
cet	this
impossible	impossible
car	because
lui-même	himself
devoir	duty
rogue	rogue
secondes	seconds
fut	was
interrompu	interrupted
viens	just
l'eclair	the lightning
aimable	kind
trompais	wrong
priorités	priorities
m'occupais	I was
garder	keep
parce	because
m'était	I was
égal	equal
tombes	graves
pourvu	provided
attrapes	catch
vif	bright
d'or	gold
ta	your
hocha	hocha
incrédule	incredulous
l'avais	had
entendue	heard
hurler	scream
poursuivit-il	he went on
j'avais	I had
proféré	uttered
énormité	enormity
demandé	asked
comptait	had
grimace	grin
imita	imita
sèche	dry
nécessaire	necessary
commandes	commands
commande	command
page	page
balai-	broom-
magazine	magazine
pourrais	could
nimbus	nimbus
2001	2001
celui	the
malefoy	malfoy
n'achèterai	buy
possède	has
déjà	already
déclara	said
réplique	replica
février	February
imperceptiblement	imperceptibly
accompagné	accompanied
glacial	icy
date	date
rapprochait	close
métamorphose	metamorphosis
demandait	asked
nouvelles	new
d'espoir	hope
restait	remained
côté	side
écouter	listen
précipitait	rush
détournant	diverting
potter	potter
douzième	twelfth
ait	has
d'ouvrir	open
bouche	mouth
avons	have
vérifié	verified
sortilèges	spells
courants	common
flitwick	flitwick
soumis	submitted
maléfice	hex
catapultage	catapult
n'ayez	don
crainte	fear
dirai	tell
vérifications	checks
seront	will be
terminées	completed
attendant	waiting
cessez	stop
harceler	harass
comble	fills
malheur	woe
déroulaient	place
l'aurait	would have
souhaité	desired
réussit	successful
l'épouvantard-détraqueur	the épouvantard-détraqueur
s'approchait	approaching
faible	low
fuir	flee
contentait	just
flotter	float
nuage	cloud
demi	half
transparent	transparent
vidait	emptied
énergie	energy
parvenant	managing
distance	distance
coupable	guilty
d'éprouver	experience
confus	confused
d'entendre	to hear
exigeant	requiring
vous-même	you
quatrième	fourth
séance	session
treize	thirteen
ans	years
créer	create
informe	informs
constitue	is
beau	beautiful
résultat	result
évanouissez	black out
n'est-ce	is this
pensais	thought
qu'un	a
attaquait	attacked
découragé	discouraged
faisait	was
disparaître	disappear
ferait	would
approuva	approved
obtenu	obtained
belle	beautiful
réussite	success
montrent	show
lors	when
saurez	know
pouvoir	power
atterrir	land
sécurité	security
m'avez	I have
serait	would be
difficile	difficult
remarquer	notice
fais	do
confiance	trust
sourire	smile
mérité	deserved
boire	drink
rapporté	reported
trois	three
balais	brushes
n'avez	do
goûté	tasted
bouteilles	bottles
cartable	satchel
bièraubeurre	bièraubeurre
j'aime	I love
haussa	hausa
sourcils	eyebrows
m'en	me
pré-au-lard	pre-to-bacon
mentit	lied
s'apercevoir	see
gaffe	boner
soupçonneux	suspicious
eh	eh
buvons	drink
sois	am
censé	supposed to
parti	party
ajouta-	added-
t-il	t-he
burent	drank
silence	silence
question	question
tracassait	bothered her,
bouteille	bottle
songeur	pensive
seules	only
personnes	people
l'aient	have
su	su
soulèvent	raise
usage	use
arme	weapon
ultime	ultimate
s'appelle	is called
baiser	fuck
esquissant	sketching
font	do
subir	undergo
veulent	want to
détruire	destroy
définitivement	definitely
doivent	must
espèce	species
là-dessous	below
mâchoires	jaws
referment	close
lèvres	lips
victime	victim
aspirent	aspire
âme	soul
tuent	kill
renversant	reversing
exister	exist
cœur	heart
cerveau	brain
fonctionnent	work
aucune	no
soi	self
chance	chance
guérison	healing
existe	there is
coquille	shell
l'âme	the soul
envolée	soaring
perdue	lost
sort	fate
attend	waiting
écrit	written
gazette	gazette
ministère	department
donné	given
l'autorisation	the authorization
infliger	inflict
châtiment	punishment
retrouve	found
resta	remained
abasourdi	stunned
puisse	can
arracher	snatch
l'aspirant	the aspirant
pensa	thought
mérite	merit
croyez	believe
légère	light
mériter	earn
défi	challenge
commis	committed
certaines	some
choses	things
voulu	wanted
surprise	surprise
trahison	betrayal
fallu	had to
avouer	confess
rendu	rendering
autorisation	authorization
n'apprécierait	there would appreciate
exploit	feat
finit	ends
ajouter	add
remercia	thanked
alla	alla
regretta	regret
l'horrifiait	the horrifiait
aspirer	suck
naître	born
abominables	abominable
heurta	hit
fouet	whip
l'escalier	the stairs
regardez	watch
voulais	wanted
possibles	possible
parfaitement	perfectly
normal	normal
ami	friend
généreux	generous
bée	eer
resplendissant	resplendent
qu'au	that
reprendre	resume
timide	shy
assura	assura
rare	rare
devriez	should
l'essayer	try it
samedi	Saturday
dites-moi	tell me
ferez	will
pourrez	can
huitième	eighth
année	year
consécutive	consecutive
aimablement	kindly
mot	word
détour	detour
aperçut	saw
fonçait	hurtled
oreille	ear
l'autre	the other
parfait	perfect
est-ce	is this
pourrai	can
demain	tomorrow
voudras	like
léger	lightweight
mois	months
réconcilier	reconcile
travailler	work
changer	change
arrivant	arriving
virent	saw
neville	neville
londubat	londubat
parlementait	parlementait
chevalier	knight
catogan	catogan
papier	paper
lequel	which
mots	words
passe	pass
gémit	moans
laisser	let
part	share
fables	fables
bonsoir	hello
mes	my
jeunes	young
écuyers	squires
ajouta-t-il	he added
voyant	light
arriver	getting
jetez	throw
cachot	dungeon
maroufle	maroufle
prétend	claims
s'introduire	enter
céans	the house
taisez-vous	shut up, you
lamenta	lamented
utiliser	use
retrouver	find
liste	list
palsambleu	palsambleu
parut	appeared
profondément	deeply
déçu	disappointed
libéra	freed
contrecœur	reluctantly
l'ouverture	the opening
donnant	giving
accès	access
murmure	whisper
accueillit	welcomed
entouré	surrounded
poussaient	grew
exclamations	exclamations
émerveillées	amazed
contemplant	contemplating
l'as	the ace
laisses	leashes
monté	mounted
n'ont	have
toucher	touch
dix	ten
admirateurs	admirers
dispersa	dispersed
penchée	leaning
seule	only
s'être	will be
précipitée	precipitated
évitait	avoided
soigneusement	carefully
s'approchèrent	came
table	table
consentit	consented
lever	sunrise
yeux	eyes
récupéré	retrieved
grand	great
montrant	showing
vois	see
sûrs	safe
n'est	there is
dangereux	dangerous
doute	doubt
ferais	would
ranger	ranger
occupe	deals
donne	gives
médicament	medicine
croûtard	croûtard
prit	took
monta	went up
tenant	taking into
précaution	caution
cristal	crystal
m'asseoir	sit
toi	you
ôtant	removing
grosse	big
pile	battery
jeta	threw
d'œil	eye
surchargée	overloaded
laquelle	which
s'étalaient	lined
long	long
l'encre	the ink
scintillait	sparkled
dissertation	essay
longue	long
consacrée	dedicated
(	(
expliquez	explain
besoin	need
d'électricité	electricity
)	)
traduction	translation
texte	text
t'y	you
réussir	succeed
regardant	looking at
l'impressionnante	the impressive
quantité	quantity
s'étalait	spread
dur	hard
près	near
s'aperçut	saw
fatiguée	tired
matières	materials
pareille	such
s'indigna	grew indignant
l'arithmancie	the arithmancie
horriblement	horribly
ennuyeux	boring
compliqués	complicated
passionnant	exciting
matière	material
préféré	favorite
sut	sut
passionnante	exciting
précis	specific
cri	cry
étranglé	strangled
retentit	sounds
dortoir	dormitory
garçons	boys
plongea	dove
précipités	precipitates
descendaient	down
surgit	arises
bas	the bottom
marches	steps
traînant	dragging
drap	sheet
regarde	look at
hurla-t-il	"he yelled,
ruant	kicking
répéta-t-il	he kept telling her
agitant	waving
nez	nose
croÛtard	croÛtard
arrière	rear
s'éloigner	away
fou	crazy
rage	rage
regarda	looked at
tache	spot
rouge	red
ressemblait	looked like
sang	blood
s'écria	cried
terre	earth
n	n
balbutia	stammered
tremblante	trembling
livre	book
ouvert	open
penchèrent	immediately
longs	long
poils	hair
chat	cat
couleur	color
orangée	orange
