14	14
la	the
rancune	grudge
de	of
rogue	rogue
cette	this
nuit-là	night
personne	person
ne	do
dormit	slept
dans	in
tour	tour
gryffondor	gryffindor
les	the
élèves	students
savaient	knew
que	that
le	the
château	castle
était	was
à	to
nouveau	new
fouillé	searched
et	and
tout	all
monde	world
resta	remained
éveillé	awake
salle	room
commune	common
en	in
attendant	waiting
savoir	know
si	if
black	black
avait	had
été	been
capturé	captured
professeur	professor
mcgonagall	mcgonagall
revint	returned
l'aube	dawn
pour	for
leur	their
dire	say
qu'il	it
réussi	successful
une	a
fois	time
encore	yet
s'échapper	escape
lendemain	next day
mesures	measures
sécurité	security
avaient	had
renforcées	reinforced
toute	any
l'école	the school
flitwick	flitwick
train	train
d'ensorceler	to bewitch
porte	door
d'entrée	input
l'aide	using
d'une	a
grande	great
photo	photo
sirius	sirius
qu'elle	it
puisse	can
reconnaître	recognize
rester	stay
solidement	securely
fermée	closed
son	its
approche	approach
rusard	rusard
arpentait	strode
couloirs	corridors
bouchant	covering
systématiquement	systematically
fissures	cracks
lézardes	cracks
autres	other
trous	holes
souris	mouse
chevalier	knight
du	the
catogan	catogan
renvoyé	returned
portrait	portrait
accroché	hung
un	a
couloir	hallway
isolé	isolated
sixième	sixth
étage	floor
grosse	big
dame	lady
retour	return
elle	it
restaurée	restored
main	hand
experte	expert
mais	but
restait	remained
très	very
inquiète	concerned
n'avait	had
accepté	accepted
reprendre	resume
poste	post
qu'à	as
condition	condition
bénéficier	benefit
protection	protection
spéciale	special
escouade	squad
trolls	trolls
mine	mine
revêche	crabby
engagée	committed
protéger	protect
ils	they
faisaient	were
cent	cent
pas	not
l'air	the air
menaçant	threatening
échangeant	exchanging
quelques	a few
grognements	grunts
tandis	while
qu'ils	they
comparaient	compared
taille	size
leurs	their
massues	clubs
harry	harry
remarqué	noticed
statue	statue
sorcière	witch
borgne	one-eyed
au	the
deuxième	second
n'était	there was
gardée	kept
fred	fred
george	george
devaient	had to
avoir	have
raison	reason
penser	think
étaient	were
seuls	only
–	-
avec	with
désormais	now
ron	ron
hermione	hermione
connaître	know
l'existence	the existence
passage	passage
secret	secret
dissimulait	hid
tu	you
crois	believe
qu'on	we
devrait	should
parler	talk
quelqu'un	someone
demanda	asked
il	it
n'est	there is
certainement	certainly
venu	come
passant	from
par	by
honeydukes	honeydukes
répondit	replied
on	it
aurait	would
entendu	heard
magasin	store
forcée	forced
content	content
lui	him
ait	has
fait	fact
réponse	response
car	because
devait	should
être	be
bouché	clogged
pourrait	could
plus	more
jamais	never
retourner	return
pré-au-lard	pre-to-bacon
nuit	night
devenu	now
célébrité	celebrity
première	first
sa	its
vie	life
accordait	granted
d'attention	attention
évidence	obviously
enchanté	enchanted
bien	well
fût	was
secoué	shaken
ce	this
qui	that
venait	came
se	is
passer	pass
prenait	took
grand	great
plaisir	fun
raconter	tell
l'histoire	the story
quiconque	anyone
demandait	asked
luxe	luxury
détails	details
j'étais	I was
endormi	asleep
expliqua-t-il	he explained
groupe	group
filles	girls
année	year
buvaient	drank
ses	its
paroles	lyrics
j'ai	I
bruit	noise
tissu	fabric
déchirait	tearing
début	beginning
cru	raw
j'avais	I had
rêvé	dreamed
puis	then
y	there
a	has
eu	had
courant	current
d'air	air
alors	then
tourné	shot
tête	head
vu	seen
qu'un	a
des	of
rideaux	curtains
mon	my
baldaquin	canopy
arraché	ripped
là-dessus	it
je	I
l'ai	I
debout	standing
côté	side
lit	bed
d'un	a
squelette	skeleton
longs	long
cheveux	hair
dégoûtants	disgusting
tenait	held
immense	huge
couteau	knife
faire	do
trente	thirty
centimètres	centimeters
m'a	me
regardé	watched
crié	shouted
là	there
s'est	is
enfui	away
me	me
demande	request
pourquoi	why
ajouta	added
l'adresse	the address
lorsque	when
auditoire	audience
fut	was
dispersé	dispersed
donc	so
s'est-il	is there
s'était	had
posé	asked
même	even
question	question
voyant	light
trompé	wrong
n'avait-	had
tué	killed
avant	before
s'occuper	care
prouvé	proven
années	years
auparavant	previously
n'hésitait	not at all reluctant
assassiner	murder
innocents	innocent
or	gold
retrouvé	found
dortoir	dormitory
occupé	busy
cinq	five
sans	without
armes	weapons
dont	which
quatre	four
profondément	deeply
endormis	asleep
dû	due
mal	evil
s'enfuir	escape
avais	had
réveillé	woke up
criant	screaming
dit	said
air	air
songeur	pensive
fallu	had to
nous	we
tue	kills
tous	all
pouvoir	power
serait	would be
devant	before
professeurs	teachers
neville	neville
pleine	full
disgrâce	disgrace
tellement	so
colère	anger
contre	against
l'avait	had
privé	private
future	future
sortie	output
également	also
infligé	inflicted
retenue	withholding
interdisait	prohibited
donner	give
mot	word
passe	pass
permettait	allowed
d'accéder	access
chaque	each
soir	evening
malheureux	unhappy
attendre	wait
fasse	do
entrer	enter
milieu	middle
passaient	passed
repassaient	repassaient
regardant	looking at
méprisant	despising
pourtant	yet
toutes	all
ces	these
sanctions	sanctions
n'étaient	there were
rien	nothing
yeux	eyes
comparées	compared
celle	the
grand-mère	grand-mother
réservée	reserved
deux	two
jours	days
après	after
l'intrusion	the intrusion
envoya	sent
pire	worst
chose	thing
élève	student
poudlard	hogwarts
recevoir	receive
petit	small
déjeuner	breakfast
beuglante	beuglante
jour-là	day
hiboux	owls
entrèrent	went
apporter	bring
courrier	mail
faillit	almost
s'étrangler	strangle
tomber	fall
enveloppe	envelope
rouge	red
vif	bright
assis	sitting
face	in the face of
surent	knew
aussitôt	as soon
s'agissait	was
reçu	received
mère	mother
l'année	the year
précédente	previous
dépêche-toi	hurry
sortir	out
conseilla	advised
fit	fit
répéter	repeat
prit	took
l'enveloppe	the envelope
tenant	taking into
bout	end
bras	arm
comme	as
s'il	if it
agi	acted
bombe	bomb
courut	ran
jambes	legs
hors	out
sous	under
rires	laughter
serpentard	slytherin
explosa	exploded
hall	hall
voix	voice
amplifiée	amplified
magie	magic
niveau	level
sonore	sound
supérieur	higher
d'habitude	usually
mit	mit
hurler	scream
jeté	cast
honte	shame
sur	on
famille	family
désolé	sorry
vit	lives
suite	suite
aussi	also
lettre	letter
fallut	took
qu'hedwige	that hedwig
mordille	chews
poignet	wrist
remarque	note
enfin	finally
aïe	ouch
oh	oh
merci	thank you
hedwige	hedwig
ouvrit	opened
pendant	during
mangeait	ate
corn	corn
flakes	flakes
l'assiette	the plate
chers	dear
diriez-vous	would you say
venir	come
boire	drink
tasse	cup
thé	tea
chez	in
moi	me
vers	to
six	six
heures	hours
viendrai	come
vous	you
chercher	search
attendez-moi	wait for me
d'entrÉe	input
n'Êtes	there Are
autorisÉs	authorized
À	To
amitiés	friendships
hagrid	hagrid
veut	wants to
doute	doubt
raconte	tells
histoire	history
cet	this
après-midi-là	afternoon
quittèrent	left
passèrent	passed
rapidement	quickly
descendirent	went down
attendait	waiting
déjà	already
j'imagine	I guess
voulez	want to
passé	past
l'autre	the other
suis	am
emmenant	taking
dehors	outside
ah	ah
bon	good
peu	little
déçu	disappointed
virent	saw
entrant	incoming
cabane	hut
buck	buck
étendu	extended
couvre-lit	bedspread
patchwork	patchwork
ailes	wings
immenses	huge
repliées	folded
corps	body
délectait	enjoyed
plat	flat
musaraignes	shrews
mortes	dead
détournant	diverting
spectacle	show
ragoûtant	ragoûtant
gigantesque	gigantic
costume	costume
marron	brown
horrible	horrible
cravate	tie
jaune	yellow
orange	orange
accrochés	hung
l'armoire	the cabinet
qu'est-ce	what is this
c'est	it is
ça	it
audition	hearing
commission	commission
d'examen	review
créatures	creatures
dangereuses	dangerous
sommes	are
convoqués	summoned
vendredi	Friday
ira	ira
londres	london
ensemble	all
réservé	reserved
lits	beds
magicobus	magicobus
éprouva	felt
brusque	sudden
sentiment	feeling
culpabilité	guilt
complètement	completely
oublié	forgot
procès	trial
proche	close
juger	judge
expression	expression
gênée	embarrassed
promesse	promise
l'aider	the help
préparer	prepare
défense	defence
l'hippogriffe	the hippogriffe
l'arrivée	the arrival
l'Éclair	the Flash
feu	fire
éclipsé	eclipsed
reste	rest
faut	must
parle	speaks
quelque	some
versant	slope
ton	your
gravité	gravity
inhabituelle	unusual
quoi	what
d'hermione	of hermione
va	will
voilà	this is
est	is
venue	coming
voir	see
souvent	often
depuis	since
noël	christmas
sentait	felt
seule	only
d'abord	first
avez	have
parlé	spoken
cause	cause
ensuite	then
parce	because
chat	cat
mangé	ate
croûtard	croûtard
acheva	completed
furieux	furious
chats	cats
poursuivit	continued
tenir	take
compte	account
l'interruption	the interruption
pleuré	cried
traverse	crosses
mauvaise	bad
moment	time
avis	notice
trop	too
travaille	works
quand	when
trouvé	found
temps	time
m'aider	help me
choses	things
utiles	useful
bonne	good
chance	chance
s'en	in
tirer	shoot
maintenant	now
aurions	would
aimé	loved
aider	help
maladresse	clumsiness
veux	want to
dieu	god
sait	knows
suffisamment	enough
séances	sessions
d'entraînement	training
quidditch	quidditch
jour	day
voulais	wanted
croyais	thought
l'amitié	the friendship
importante	important
balai	broom
ou	or
rat	rat
échangèrent	exchanged
regards	looks
gênés	embarrassed
vraiment	really
bouleversée	upset
failli	bankrupt
te	te
poignarder	stab
cœur	heart
croyez-moi	believe me
refusez	refuse
débarrassait	rid
recommencerais	would do it again
tient	holds
animal	animal
supporte	supports
dise	say
fou	crazy
parfois	sometimes
gens	people
sont	are
stupides	stupid
animaux	animals
sagesse	wisdom
derrière	behind
recracha	recracha
os	os
musaraigne	shrew
l'oreiller	the pillow
conversation	conversation
s'orienta	turned
chances	chances
remporter	win
coupe	cup
neuf	nine
raccompagna	raccompagna
retournèrent	returned
bousculaient	a huge crowd
panneau	panel
d'affichage	display
week-end	weekend
prochain	next
annonça	announced
hissant	hoisting
pointe	tip
pieds	feet
lire	read
note	note
nouvellement	newly
placardée	plastered
comptes	accounts
ajouta-t-il	he added
basse	low
n'a	did
condamné	sentenced
mène	leads
chuchota	whispered
s'écria	cried
oreille	ear
sursauta	gasped
assise	sitting
table	table
eux	them
retournes	return
carte	card
dit-elle	she said
entends	hear
grogna	" 
accorder	grant
regard	look
comment	how
peux-tu	can you
l'encourager	encourage
toi	you
sérieusement	seriously
vais	'll
essayes	try
renvoyer	return
s'exclama	exclaimed
fureur	fury
trouves	find
n'as	did
assez	enough
dégâts	damage
bouche	mouth
répondre	reply
pattenrond	pattenrond
bondit	leaps
genoux	knees
sembla	seemed
terrorisée	terrified
l'expression	the expression
visage	face
emmena	took
répéta	repeated
interrompus	interrupted
devrais	should
dernière	last
n'es	no es
allé	gone
zonko	zonko
regarda	looked at
autour	around
vérifier	check
qu'hermione	as hermione
pouvait	could
l'entendre	hear
d'accord	agreement
dit-il	he said
viens	just
prends	take
ma	my
cape	cape
d'invisibilité	invisibility
samedi	Saturday
matin	morning
glissa	slipped
sac	bag
maraudeur	marauder
poche	pocket
descendit	went down
prendre	take
cessait	stopped
jeter	throw
coups	shots
d'oeil	eye
soupçonneux	suspicious
évitait	avoided
s'arrangea	arranged
voie	way
remonter	back
l'escalier	the stairs
marbre	marble
sortaient	out
revoir	review
cria	cried
amuse-toi	have fun
verra	see
sourit	smiles
adressa	addressed
clin	clin
d'œil	eye
précipita	rushed
sortit	went out
s'accroupit	squats
prononça	spoke
formule	formula
magique	magic
faisait	was
apparaître	appear
plan	plan
point	point
noir	black
avançait	advanced
direction	management
près	near
minuscule	tiny
étiquette	label
indiquait	indicated
londubat	londubat
tapota	tapped
baguette	wand
murmurant	muttering
dissendium	dissendium
lança	launched
l'ouverture	the opening
pu	could
s'y	there
glisser	drag
lui-même	himself
apparut	appeared
coin	corner
non	not
n'allais	was not going to
salut	hi
remettant	delivering
fais	do
haussement	shrug
d'épaules	shoulder
jouer	play
aux	the
cartes	cards
petite	small
bataille	battle
explosive	explosive
heu	uh
aller	go
bibliothèque	library
devoir	duty
lupin	lupin
ravi	ravi
attends	wait
fini	finished
hier	yesterday
soudain	suddenly
parfait	perfect
pourras	can
suggéra	suggested
anxieuse	anxious
rond	round
n'ai	haven
compris	including
d'ail	garlic
éloigne	away
vampires	vampires
est-ce	is this
manger	eat
s'interrompit	if interrupted
grands	great
par-dessus	above
l'épaule	the shoulder
s'avançait	advanced
réfugia	refuge
faites	do
alternativement	alternatively
drôle	funny
d'endroit	place
rendez-vous	appointment
inquiétude	concern
regarder	watch
poser	ask
n'avions	did
simplement	simply
croisés	crusaders
manie	mania
d'apparaître	to appear
endroits	places
inattendus	unexpected
potter	potter
rare	rare
soyez	be
suggère	suggests
où	where
auriez	would
davantage	more
votre	your
place	place
s'éloignèrent	wandered up to
ajouter	add
tournant	turning
l'angle	the angle
jeta	threw
coup	blow
arrière	rear
l'examinant	the examining
attentivement	carefully
lorsqu'ils	when they
furent	were
arrivés	arrived
réussit	successful
débarrasser	rid
donna	donna
semblant	pretend
d'avoir	to have
tourna	turned
talons	heels
dès	as soon
distance	distance
semblait	seemed
désert	desert
soulagement	relief
portait	wore
l'étiquette	the label
severus	severus
retourné	returned
bureau	office
pivoter	rotate
bosse	kicker
s'engouffra	rushed
laissa	let
jusqu'au	until the
bas	the bottom
toboggan	slide
pierre	stone
retrouva	found
effaça	blotted out
chemin	path
long	long
dissimulé	concealed
tape	tape
dos	back
murmura-t-il	he murmured
as	as
mis	put
souffla	blew
avancèrent	forth
grand-rue	grand-rue
es-tu	are you
marmonner	mumble
lèvres	lips
es	es
toujours	always
Ça	It
d'effet	effect
rendirent	made
prix	price
hibou	owl
l'egypte	egypt
trouvait	was
frère	brother
bill	bill
regardait	watched
moins	less
trois	three
cents	cents
oiseaux	birds
alignés	aligned
gros	wholesale
chargés	loaded
envois	shipments
longue	long
jusqu'aux	up to
minuscules	tiny
chouettes	owls
limitées	limited
local	local
allèrent	went
farces	pranks
attrapes	catch
nombreux	many
dut	otc
exercices	exercises
contorsionniste	contortionist
trahir	betray
présence	presence
marchant	walking
passa	spent
discrètement	discreetly
commande	command
articles	articles
l'intéressaient	the interested
d'or	gold
payer	pay
sortirent	went out
bourses	scholarships
beaucoup	a lot
rebondies	plump
entrés	entered
poches	pockets
débordaient	outside
bombabouses	bombabouses
bonbons	candy
hoquet	hiccup
savons	know
sauteurs	jumpers
chacun	each
acheté	bought
mordeuse	mordeuse
c'était	it was
belle	beautiful
journée	day
ensoleillée	sunny
ni	or
l'un	one
envie	want
enfermé	locked
renoncèrent	turned
halte	stop
balais	brushes
préférèrent	preferred
monter	mount
côte	coast
menait	led
hurlante	howling
maison	home
hantée	haunted
grande-bretagne	great britain
dominait	dominated
village	village
l'écart	the gap
plein	full
rassurante	reassuring
fenêtres	windows
obstruées	blocked
planches	boards
sinistre	disaster
jardin	garden
envahi	invaded
d'herbes	herbs
sauvages	wild
fantômes	ghosts
évitent	avoid
jusqu'ici	up here
contemplaient	contemplated
appuyés	supported
clôture	closing
j'en	I
ai	I
nick	nick
quasi-sans-tête	quasi-without-head
d'après	after
sacrée	sacred
bande	band
installée	installed
là-dedans	there
peut	can
ont	have
essayé	tried
accès	access
condamnés	sentenced
moyen	average
forcer	force
montée	climb
donné	given
chaud	hot
songea	songea
enlever	remove
instants	moments
entendit	heard
loin	far
s'approchait	approaching
colline	hill
instant	now
tard	later
malefoy	malfoy
accompagné	accompanied
crabbe	crabbe
goyle	goyle
vite	fast
père	father
disait	said
l'audience	the hearing
blessure	injury
témoigner	witness
m'en	me
servir	serve
mois	months
ricanèrent	ricanèrent
j'aimerais	I would like to
entendre	hear
crétin	moron
barbu	bearded
essayer	try
défendre	defend
pouvez	can
sûrs	safe
hippogriffe	hippogriffe
n'en	do
longtemps	for a long time
aperçut	saw
sourire	smile
malveillant	malicious
dessina	drew
blafard	pallid
weasley	weasley
ruine	ruin
serais	would be
d'habiter	to live
aurais	would have
chambre	room
ta	your
dormait	slept
pièce	room
vrai	true
attrapa	caught
pan	pan
robe	dress
l'empêcher	prevent
sauter	jump
laisse-moi	let me
l'oreille	the ear
l'occasion	the opportunity
silencieusement	silently
pencha	bent
ramasser	pick up
poignée	handle
boue	mud
parlait	spoke
justement	precisely
ami	friend
essayait	tried
d'imaginer	imagine
pleurer	cry
couperont	action-packed
hippo	hippo
splatch	splatch
s'écrasa	crashed
présent	this
blonds	blonde
dégoulinaient	dégoulinaient
gadoue	slush
riait	laughed
firent	did
volte-face	volte-face
d'eux	of them
ahuri	bemused
essaya	tried
s'essuyer	wipe
parvint	managed
étaler	spread
sommet	summit
crâne	skull
n'est-ce	is this
météo	weather
semblaient	seemed to
rassurés	reassured
biceps	biceps
d'aucun	no
secours	relief
lançait	launched
fébriles	febrile
avança	advanced
silence	silence
mètres	meters
jusqu'à	up to
mare	mare
verdâtre	greenish
particulièrement	particularly
malodorante	smelly
splaaooooshhhh	splaaooooshhhh
reçurent	received
part	share
sautilla	sautilla
frénétiquement	frantically
essuyant	wiping
petits	small
vitreux	glassy
aveuglés	blinded
là-bas	there
s'essuyait	wiped her
fixant	fixing
situé	located
s'avança	advanced
malhabile	unskilful
tendus	tense
zombie	zombie
contourna	rounded
ramassa	picked up
bâton	stick
celui-ci	it
retourna	returned
sautant	jumping
scrutant	peering
environs	surrounding area
découvrir	discover
coupable	guilty
présente	this
dirigea	led
croc-en-jambe	croc-in-leg
trébucha	stumbled
énorme	huge
pied	foot
posa	posa
sentit	felt
forte	strong
secousse	shake
fraction	fraction
seconde	second
contempla	stared at
ronds	round
aaaarghr	aaaarghr
hurla-t-il	"he yelled,
montrant	showing
doigt	finger
dévala	ran down
ramena	brought back
vaudrait	would
mieux	better
dépêches	news
rentrer	return
l'heure	the time
redescendit	down
avait-il	had he
croirait	like
connaissait	knew
dumbledore	dumbledore
estomac	stomach
devinerait	devinerait
soit	either
cave	cellar
trappe	hatch
enleva	removed
souterrain	underground
rentré	back
combien	how
faudrait-il	would it
trouver	find
d'haleine	breath
prêter	pay
attention	attention
continua	continued
courir	run
valait	worth
abandonner	abandon
compromettante	compromising
gardait	kept
cacha	hid
remonta	came up
mains	hands
moites	moist
glissant	sliding
atteignit	reached
hissa	hissa
au-dehors	outside
referma	closed
eut	had
juste	just
s'écarter	depart
retentissent	resound
bruits	noise
s'approchaient	approaching
vive	cheers
allure	look
précipitait	rush
noire	black
virevoltant	twirling
vint	came
planter	plant
triomphante	triumphant
vainement	in vain
cacher	hide
innocent	innocent
malgré	despite
sueur	sweat
ruisselait	streamed
pleines	full
venez	come
suivit	followed
sous-sols	sub-soil
essayant	trying
escaliers	stairs
menaient	led
cachots	dungeons
pénétrèrent	penetrated
n'y	there
entré	entered
qu'une	a
sérieux	serious
ennuis	trouble
ajouté	added
d'autres	other
horreurs	horrors
gluantes	sticky
bocaux	jars
s'alignaient	lined
étagères	shelves
scintillaient	sparkled
lueur	glow
cheminée	fireplace
renforçant	strengthening
l'atmosphère	the atmosphere
menaçante	threatening
asseyez-vous	sit
ordonna	ordered
s'assit	sat
mr	mr
vient	comes
étrange	strange
resté	stayed
demeura	remained
silencieux	silent
lorsqu'il	when it
rencontré	met
apparemment	apparently
seul	only
affirmé	said
pensez-vous	do you think
cela	this
produire	produce
d'être	to be
surpris	surprised
sais	know
fixait	set
perçant	piercing
s'efforça	tried
ciller	ciller
témoin	witness
apparition	appearance
pouvez-vous	can you
imaginer	imagine
manifester	show
curiosité	curiosity
innocente	innocent
flottait	floated
ferait	would
peut-être	maybe
consulter	consult
madame	mrs.
pomfresh	pomfresh
voit	see
l'interrompit	the interrupted
droit	right
rendre	make
aucune	no
partie	part
l'autorisation	the authorization
d'aller	go
faisant	making
effacer	delete
trace	trace
crainte	fear
semblerait	seems
hallucin	hallucin
sujet	about
hallucinations	hallucinations
coupa	cut
s'appuyant	based
accoudoirs	armrests
fauteuil	chair
lequel	which
visages	faces
reprit	took
protesta	protested
vous-même	you
m'aviez	I had
peut-il	can it
confirmer	confirm
minces	thin
s'étirèrent	if étirèrent
redressant	straightening
ainsi	as well
ministère	department
personnel	staff
efforcé	tried
célèbre	famous
connaît	knows
propre	own
loi	law
laisse	leaves
s'inquiéter	worry
soucier	worry about
conséquences	consequences
s'abstint	refrained
provoquer	cause
avouer	confess
vérité	truth
l'intention	the intention
laisser	let
impressionner	impress
preuve	proof
ressemblez	look like
étincelants	sparkling
excessivement	excessively
arrogant	arrogant
talent	talent
donnait	gave
l'impression	printing
au-dessus	above
passait	passed
pavaner	strutting
amis	friends
admirateurs	admirers
ressemblance	likeness
entre	between
saisissante	striking
inquiétante	worrying
pavanait	pavanait
n'aimait	never liked
conformer	comply
règlements	regulations
mince	thin
destinés	for
commun	common
mortels	fatal
vainqueurs	winners
enflée	swollen
taisez-vou	shut up, you
levé	survey
bond	bond
rage	rage
telle	such
éprouvée	proven
départ	starting
privet	privet
drive	drive
saisi	seized
violence	violence
tonnerre	thunder
figé	frozen
noirs	black
flamboyant	flamboyant
féroce	fierce
laissaient	let
indifférent	indifferent
taire	shut up
parlez	talk
connais	know
sauvé	saved
l'a	the
seriez	would
teint	complexion
jaunâtre	yellowish
pris	taken
couleur	color
lait	milk
caillé	curd
directeur	director
expliqué	explained
quelles	what
circonstances	circumstances
a-t-il	there
estimé	estimated
pouvaient	could
choquer	shock
oreilles	ears
délicates	delicate
précieux	precious
mordit	bit
lèvre	lip
ignorait	ignored
voulait	wanted
l'admettre	admit it
visiblement	obviously
deviné	guessed
savait	knew
navré	sorry
partiez	leave
d'ici	here
fausse	false
idée	idea
épouvantable	terrible
rictus	grin
imaginé	imagined
acte	act
d'héroïsme	of heroism
auréolé	blaze
gloire	glory
détromper	disabuse
vénéré	venerable
m'ont	I have
farce	stuffing
désopilante	hilarious
mort	death
conséquence	result
ravisé	ravisé
dernier	last
d'héroïque	heroic
peau	skin
mienne	mine
marché	market
laissait	left
dents	teeth
jaunâtres	yellowish
plantées	planted
travers	through
videz	empty
vos	your
lança-t-il	"he shouted,
brusquement	suddenly
bougea	moved
sang	blood
battait	beat
vider	empty
sinon	otherwise
emmène	takes
allez-y	go for it
retournez-les	return-
glacé	glossy
terreur	terror
lentement	slowly
priant	praying
ciel	sky
prévenir	prevent
l'interroge	the queries
rapporté	reported
laissé	left
temp	temp
touchant	touching
forces	forces
impassible	impassive
morceau	song
parchemin	parchment
haussant	raising
épaules	shoulders
quitter	leave
n'avez	do
sûrement	surely
besoin	need
vieux	old
ferais	would
geste	gesture
brûlait	burned
nez	nose
frémissantes	quivering
s'agit-il	is it
autre	other
cadeau	gift
serait-ce	would it be
d'autre	on the other
écrite	written
l'encre	the ink
invisible	invisible
peut-	can-
détraqueurs	détraqueurs
cilla	cilla
étincelèrent	sparkled
voyons	see
marmonna-t-il	mumbled to himself he
prenant	taking
posée	asked
révèle	reveals
produisit	produced
crispa	crispa
empêcher	prevent
trembler	shake
allons	will
révèle-toi	show yourself
donnant	giving
sec	dry
vierge	virgin
s'efforçait	tried
respirer	breathe
régulièrement	regularly
calmer	calm down
école	school
t'ordonne	command thee
livrer	deliver
secrets	secrets
détiens	hold
frappant	striking
écrivait	wrote
mots	words
apparurent	appeared
surface	surface
lunard	lunard
respects	respects
vouloir	want to
cesser	stop
mettre	put
affaires	business
d'autrui	of others
figea	froze
stupéfait	stunned
lut	lut
message	message
s'arrêta	stopped
cornedrue	cornedrue
approuve	approves
voudrait	would like to
situation	situation
comique	comic
grave	serious
s'inscrivirent	becoming a
patmol	patmol
ébahissement	eye-opener
pensée	thought
tel	such
imbécile	fool
devenir	become
horrifié	horrified
ferma	closed
rouvrit	reopened
livré	delivered
derniers	last
queudver	queudver
souhaite	wish
bonjour	hello
conseille	advises
laver	wash
ressemblera	will look like
tas	heap
d'ordures	garbage
attendit	waited
verdict	verdict
tombe	falls
paisible	peaceful
s'approcha	approached
poudre	powder
brillante	brilliant
bocal	jar
manteau	coat
flammes	flames
voudrais	would like to
demander	ask
abasourdi	stunned
forme	form
tournait	turned
elle-même	itself
l'âtre	the hearth
époussetant	dusting
cendres	ash
accrochées	hung
miteuse	shabby
m'avez	I have
appelé	called
timidement	timidly
effet	effect
traits	features
déformés	distorted
cachait	hid
montra	showed
noms	names
étalés	spread
fixés	set
réfléchissait	thinking
vitesse	speed
déborde	overflows
êtes	are
censé	supposed to
expert	expert
matière	material
procurer	buy
leva	rose
peine	penalty
perceptible	noticeable
comprendre	understand
surtout	especially
l'interrompre	the interrupt
répéta-t-il	he kept telling her
timide	shy
croyez	believe
insulte	insult
essaye	try
puéril	childish
dangereux	dangerous
mâchoires	jaws
crispées	tense
fournir	provide
objet	object
plutôt	rather
obtenu	obtained
directement	directly
ceux	those
l'ont	have
fabriqué	manufactured
comprenait	included
s'étonna-t-il	was surprised there
connaissez-	know-
messieurs	gentlemen
voyez	see
irruption	burst
renverser	reverse
élan	momentum
truc	trick
parvint-il	managed it
haletant	panting
l'explication	the explanation
m'occuper	take care
plia	folded
concerne	for
excusez-nous	sorry, we
n'osa	durst
quittant	leaving
restèrent	stayed
aient	have
atteint	reached
d'explications	explanations
sèchement	curtly
vide	empty
trouve	find
oui	yes
s'agit	is
confisquée	confiscated
nombreuses	many
entrée	entry
possession	possession
revanche	contrast
l'ayez	have
remise	discount
traîner	hanging out
informations	information
confidentielles	confidential
peux	can
avide	greedy
d'en	to
protester	protest
l'avais	had
obtenue	obtained
fabriquée	manufactured
demanda-t-il	he asked
hésitant	hesitating
établi	established
auraient	would
but	purpose
attirer	attract
auraient-ils	would they
amusant	fun
connaisse	know
impressionné	impressed
rencontrés	met
brièvement	briefly
autant	as much
imaginez	imagine
pourrez	can
compter	from
d'affaire	business
n'arriverai	do not get
j'aurais	I would have
pensé	thought
proximité	close
détraqueur	détraqueur
parents	parents
sauver	save
vôtre	yours
façon	how
exprimer	express
gratitude	gratitude
risque	risk
réduire	reduce
néant	nil
sacrifice	sacrifice
simple	simple
acheter	buy
s'éloigna	walked away
l'aise	comfortable
monta	went up
souvint	sarah
faute	fault
t'ai	you've
encouragé	encouraged
stupide	stupid
n'aurait	would
patrouillaient	patrol
indiqua	said
s'arrêtait	stopped
battre	beat
raconté	told
vas	vas
expliquer	explain
dénoncés	reported
répliqua	replied
tremblaient	the trembling
pensais	thought
voudriez	would like to
perdu	lost
