8	8
la	the
fuite	leak
de	of
grosse	big
dame	lady
en	in
très	very
peu	little
temps	time
défense	defence
contre	against
les	the
forces	forces
du	the
mal	evil
était	was
devenue	become
le	the
cours	during
préféré	favorite
plupart	most
des	of
élèves	students
seuls	only
drago	drago
malefoy	malfoy
et	and
sa	its
bande	band
serpentard	slytherin
trouvaient	were
matière	material
à	to
critiquer	criticize
professeur	professor
lupin	lupin
regardez	watch
dans	in
quel	what
état	state
sont	are
ses	its
vêtements	clothing
disait	said
voix	voice
basse	low
mais	but
suffisamment	enough
fort	fort
pour	for
se	is
faire	do
entendre	hear
lorsque	when
passait	passed
devant	before
lui	him
il	it
s'habille	dresses
comme	as
notre	our
vieil	old
elfe	elf
maison	home
personne	person
d'autre	on the other
ne	do
s'intéressait	if interested
l'état	the state
d'usure	wear
robes	dresses
suivants	the following
révélèrent	revealed
tout	all
aussi	also
intéressants	interesting
que	that
premier	first
après	after
épouvantards	épouvantards
ils	they
étudièrent	studied
chaporouges	chaporouges
d'horribles	horrible
petites	small
créatures	creatures
semblables	similar
gobelins	goblins
qui	that
s'embusquaient	if embusquaient
tous	all
lieux	places
où	where
sang	blood
avait	had
coulé	cast
cachots	dungeons
châteaux	castles
ou	or
champs	fields
bataille	battle
désertés	deserted
attendant	waiting
l'occasion	the opportunity
d'assommer	to knock out
quiconque	anyone
s'y	there
perdait	lost
passèrent	passed
aux	the
kappas	kappas
monstrueux	monstrous
habitants	inhabitants
eaux	waters
ressemblaient	looked like
singes	monkeys
couverts	covered
d'écaillés	of flaking
avec	with
mains	hands
palmées	palmate
avides	greedy
d'étrangler	choke
imprudents	reckless
s'aventuraient	ventured
leurs	their
mares	mares
harry	harry
aurait	would
bien	well
aimé	loved
prendre	take
autant	as much
plaisir	fun
suivre	follow
l'enseignement	education
autres	other
professeurs	teachers
ce	this
n'était	there was
pas	not
cas	case
rogue	rogue
montrait	showed
particulièrement	particularly
hargneux	surly
ces	these
temps-ci	time
monde	world
savait	knew
pourquoi	why
l'histoire	the story
l'épouvantard	the épouvantard
pris	taken
l'aspect	the aspect
affublé	decked out
grand-mère	grand-mother
neville	neville
s'était	had
répandue	widespread
toute	any
l'école	the school
une	a
traînée	drag
poudre	powder
n'avait	had
goûté	tasted
plaisanterie	joke
chaque	each
fois	time
quelqu'un	someone
prononçait	said
nom	name
yeux	eyes
lançaient	launched
éclairs	lightning
menaçants	threatening
jamais	never
acharné	hard
sur	on
appréhendait	had been dreading
également	also
heures	hours
passées	past
l'atmosphère	the atmosphere
étouffante	stifling
tour	tour
officiait	officiated
trelawney	trelawney
assez	enough
déchiffrer	decrypt
signification	meaning
formes	forms
bizarres	weird
symboles	symbols
divers	various
essayant	trying
rester	stay
indifférent	indifferent
regards	looks
embués	steamy
larmes	tears
lançait	launched
énormes	huge
qu'elle	it
fût	was
considérée	considered
par	by
un	a
respect	respect
confinait	bordered
vénération	veneration
n'arrivait	there was
éprouver	experience
moindre	less
affection	affection
elle	it
parvati	parvati
patil	patil
lavande	lavender
brown	brown
avaient	had
l'habitude	the usual
passer	pass
l'heure	the time
déjeuner	breakfast
compagnie	company
petite	small
pièce	room
sommet	summit
nord	north
d'où	where
elles	they
revenaient	returned
arborant	featuring
l'air	the air
supérieur	higher
ceux	those
convaincus	convinced
savoir	know
choses	things
ignoreront	ignore
toujours	always
manie	mania
parler	talk
s'il	if it
son	its
lit	bed
mort	death
n'aimait	never liked
beaucoup	a lot
classe	class
soins	care
magiques	magic
ennuyeuse	boring
l'épisode	the episode
mouvementé	eventful
jour	day
hagrid	hagrid
semblait	seemed
avoir	have
perdu	lost
confiance	trust
passaient	passed
désormais	now
s'occuper	care
veracrasses	veracrasses
comptaient	had
parmi	among
plus	more
assommantes	boring
qu'on	we
puisse	can
imaginer	imagine
donc	so
peut	can
s'intéresser	if interested
animaux	animals
pareils	such
dit	said
ron	ron
passé	past
encore	yet
heure	time
enfoncer	press
laitue	lettuce
hachée	chopped
gosier	throat
gluant	sticky
quelques	a few
au	the
début	beginning
mois	months
d'octobre	October
cependant	however
eut	had
enfin	finally
grand	great
sujet	about
satisfaction	satisfaction
saison	season
quidditch	quidditch
approchait	approaching
olivier	olivier
dubois	dubois
capitaine	captain
l'équipe	the team
gryffondor	gryffindor
convoqua	summoned
joueurs	players
jeudi	Thursday
soir	evening
préparer	prepare
leur	their
nouvelle	new
stratégie	strategy
y	there
sept	seven
équipe	team
trois	three
poursuiveurs	poursuiveurs
chargés	loaded
marquer	mark
buts	goals
faisant	making
souafle	souafle
(une	(a
balle	ball
rouge	red
taille	size
d'un	a
ballon	ball
football)	football)
travers	through
anneaux	rings
fixés	set
poteaux	posts
quinze	fifteen
mètres	meters
hauteur	height
plantés	planted
extrémité	end
terrain	field
deux	two
batteurs	drummers
équipés	equipped
grosses	large
battes	bats
tâche	task
d'éloigner	away
cognards	cognards
(deux	(two
lourdes	heavy
balles	balls
noires	black
attaquaient	attacked
violemment	violently
joueurs)	players)
gardien	guardian
défendait	defended
attrapeur	monkey net
devait	should
attraper	catch
vif	bright
d'or	gold
minuscule	tiny
pourvue	with
d'ailes	wings
d'une	a
noix	nuts
l'attrapeur	the monkey net
parvenait	could
s'en	in
saisir	enter
mettait	put
fin	end
match	match
faisait	was
gagner	win
cent	cent
cinquante	fifty
points	points
supplémentaires	additional
garçon	boy
dix-sept	seventeen
ans	years
silhouette	silhouette
massive	massive
septième	seventh
dernière	last
année	year
d'études	studies
poudlard	hogwarts
quelque	some
chose	thing
désespéré	desperate
lorsqu'il	when it
s'adressa	addressed
six	six
vestiaires	locker rooms
glacés	icy
cette	this
c'est	it is
chance	chance
–	-
ma	my
remporter	win
coupe	cup
dit-il	he said
eux	them
je	I
quitte	leaves
définitivement	definitely
l'année	the year
n'aurai	will not
occasion	opportunity
a	has
maintenant	now
n'a	did
gagné	won
nous	we
avons	have
eu	had
malchance	bad luck
blessures	injuries
l'annulation	the cancellation
tournoi	tournament
s'interrompit	if interrupted
si	if
souvenirs	memories
serraient	shake
gorge	throat
savons	know
sommes	are
indiscutablement	unquestionably
meilleure	best
reprit-il	"he said
tapant	typing
poing	fist
paume	palm
main	hand
lueur	glow
folle	crazy
regard	look
superbes	superb
montra	showed
alicia	alicia
spinnet	spinnet
angelina	angelina
johnson	johnson
katie	katie
bell	bell
imbattables	unbeatable
arrête	stop
tu	you
vas	vas
rougir	blush
répondirent	answered
chœur	chorus
fred	fred
george	george
weasley	weasley
fait	fact
continua	continued
regardant	looking at
orgueil	pride
puis	then
moi	me
ajouta-t-il	he added
instant	now
réflexion	reflection
toi	you
es	es
bon	good
remarquable	remarkable
approuva	approved
dû	due
porter	wear
dernières	last
années	years
poursuivit	continued
recommençant	again
dès	as soon
rejoint	joined
j'ai	I
pensé	thought
serait	would be
poche	pocket
est	is
n'avons	have
d'y	there
graver	burn
accablé	overwhelmed
même	even
semblaient	seemed to
compatir	pity
sera	will be
bonne	good
on	it
arrivera	will
assura	assura
sûr	course
certain	some
ajouta	added
décidée	decided
vaincre	defeat
commença	started
séances	sessions
d'entraînement	training
soirs	night
semaine	week
jours	days
raccourcissaient	dropped
devenait	became
froid	cold
humide	wet
ni	or
boue	mud
pluie	rain
vent	wind
pouvaient	could
décourager	discourage
voyait	saw
déjà	already
l'énorme	the huge
d'argent	money
couronner	top
efforts	efforts
l'entraînement	training
retourna	returned
glacé	glossy
courbatu	courbatu
content	content
travail	work
entra	entered
salle	room
commune	common
trouva	found
camarades	comrades
proie	prey
agitation	agitation
fébrile	febrile
qu'est-ce	what is this
passe	pass
demanda-t-il	he asked
hermione	hermione
étaient	were
assis	sitting
auprès	with
feu	fire
meilleurs	best
fauteuils	chairs
s'appliquaient	applied
dessiner	draw
carte	card
ciel	sky
week-end	weekend
pré-au-lard	pre-to-bacon
répondit	replied
montrant	showing
note	note
d'information	information
épinglée	pinned
tableau	table
d'affichage	display
octobre	October
halloween	halloween
parfait	perfect
entré	entered
derrière	behind
faut	must
j'aille	I go
chez	in
zonko	zonko
n'ai	haven
presque	almost
boules	balls
puantes	stinky
laissa	let
tomber	fall
fauteuil	chair
côté	side
allégresse	joy
refroidie	cooled
lire	read
pensées	thoughts
suis	am
sûre	safe
pourras	can
aller	go
d'après	after
dit-elle	she said
vont	go
sûrement	surely
black	black
bientôt	soon
été	been
repéré	spotted
n'est	there is
idiot	idiot
tenter	try
demande	request
mcgonagall	mcgonagall
peux	can
suite	suite
sinon	otherwise
risques	risks
d'attendre	wait
longtemps	for a long time
s'indigna	grew indignant
doit	must
l'intérieur	inside
va	will
quand	when
être	be
seul	only
venir	come
oui	yes
crois	believe
vais	'll
ton	your
décidé	decided
ouvrit	opened
bouche	mouth
répondre	reply
moment	time
pattenrond	pattenrond
sauta	jumped
genoux	knees
tenait	held
gueule	mouth
araignée	spider
morte	dead
est-ce	is this
qu'il	it
vraiment	really
vienne	vienna
manger	eat
ça	it
sous	under
nez	nose
grimace	grin
bravo	bravo
l'as	the ace
attrapée	caught
mastiqua	mastiqua
lentement	slowly
l'araignée	the spider
jaunes	yellow
air	air
insolent	insolent
arrange-toi	arrange yourself
simplement	simply
reste	rest
tes	your
grincheux	grumpy
penchant	leaning
nouveau	new
croûtard	croûtard
dort	sleeps
mon	my
sac	bag
bâilla	yawned
envie	want
coucher	bedroom
propre	own
prit	took
sortit	went out
parchemin	parchment
l'encre	the ink
plume	pen
mit	mit
copier	copy
mienne	mine
veux	want to
proposa	proposed
inscrivit	enrolled
étoile	star
l'agrémentant	the decorating
fioriture	embellishment
poussa	pushed
vers	to
l'on	we
copie	copy
pinça	pinched
lèvres	lips
s'abstint	refrained
commentaire	comment
continuait	continued
fixer	fix
bout	end
queue	tail
touffue	bushy
remuait	stir-fried
régulièrement	regularly
soudain	suddenly
sans	without
avertissement	warning
fit	fit
bond	bond
avant	before
attention	attention
s'écria	cried
saisissant	entering
agrippait	gripping
toutes	all
griffes	claws
commençait	started
déchirer	rip
va-t'en	go
stupide	stupid
animal	animal
essaya	tried
d'arracher	tear
pattes	legs
chat	cat
cramponnait	hanging
crachant	spitting
déchirant	ripping
tissu	fabric
s'exclama	exclaimed
braqués	turned
présent	this
secoua	shook
frénétiquement	frantically
réussir	succeed
lâcher	letting go
prise	outlet
s'échappa	escaped
attrape	grabs
hurla	screamed
tandis	while
poursuite	further
rat	rat
terrifié	terrified
plongea	dove
manqua	missed
faufila	stalked
entre	between
pieds	feet
courut	ran
réfugier	refuge
commode	convenient
suivi	follow-up
s'arrêta	stopped
glissade	slide
l'attraper	the catch
donnant	giving
grands	great
coups	shots
patte	paw
meuble	furniture
précipitèrent	ran
attrapa	caught
bras	arm
jetait	cast
plat	flat
ventre	belly
grand-peine	great difficulty
tirer	shoot
regarde	look at
fureur	fury
agitant	waving
d'hermione	of hermione
peau	skin
os	os
empêche	prevents
martyriser	martyr
pauvre	poor
comprend	includes
tremblante	trembling
chats	cats
courent	run
rats	rats
bizarre	weird
s'efforçant	striving
rentrer	return
cessait	stopped
gigoter	swing
compris	including
racontes	talking about
bêtises	nonsense
répliqua	replied
agacée	nettled
senti	felt
odeur	smell
voilà	this is
veut	wants to
prêter	pay
pouffaient	pouffaient
rire	laugh
autour	around
là	there
malade	sick
furieux	furious
traversa	crossed
disparut	disappeared
l'escalier	the stairs
menait	led
dortoir	dormitory
garçons	boys
lendemain	next day
pardonné	forgiven
adressa	addressed
peine	penalty
parole	word
pendant	during
botanique	botanical
alors	then
travaillait	worked
table	table
comment	how
demanda	asked
timidement	timidly
vidait	emptied
seau	bucket
bois	wood
cosses	lugs
rosés	rosé
pleines	full
haricots	beans
étincelants	sparkling
cache	cache
fond	background
n'arrête	never stops
trembler	shake
colère	anger
manquant	missing
répandant	spreading
sol	soil
chourave	chourave
germaient	sprout
brusquement	suddenly
ensuite	then
métamorphose	metamorphosis
rejoignit	joined
file	file
attendaient	waiting
demander	ask
l'autorisation	the authorization
d'aller	go
songeait	was thinking of
arguments	arguments
convaincre	convince
réflexions	reflections
furent	were
interrompues	interrupted
éclats	shards
pleurait	crying
épaules	shoulders
expliquait	explained
seamus	seamus
finnigan	finnigan
dean	dean
thomas	thomas
mine	mine
grave	serious
inquiète	concerned
s'approchant	approaching
reçu	received
lettre	letter
parents	parents
matin	morning
murmura	whispered
lapin	rabbit
tué	killed
renard	fox
oh	oh
j'aurais	I would have
m'en	me
douter	doubt
sanglota	sanglota
tragique	tragic
sais	know
aujourd'hui	today
heu	uh
16	16
te	te
souviens	remember
qu'a	that has
vous	you
redoutez	dread
tant	as
produira	will
vendredi	Friday
raison	reason
rassemblée	collected
hochait	swung
tête	head
sérieux	serious
hésita	hesitated
avais	had
peur	fear
fasse	do
tuer	kill
nécessairement	necessarily
j'avais	I had
meure	die
évident	obvious
ah	ah
vieux	old
non	not
c'était	it was
bébé	baby
craignais-tu	feared-you
l'épaule	the shoulder
essayer	try
réconforter	comfort
lança	launched
féroce	fierce
logique	logic
reprit	took
s'adressant	addressing
d'abord	first
s'attendait	expected
puisque	since
choc	shock
fais	do
fiche	sheet
complètement	completely
cet	this
apparut	appeared
porte	door
entrèrent	went
lançant	launching
assassins	assassins
s'assirent	sat
part	share
s'adresser	contact
cloche	bell
sonna	rang
allait	would
dire	say
fut	was
parla	spoke
première	first
s'apprêtaient	preparing
partir	from
voulez	want to
pré-au-	pre-to-
lard	bacon
devrez	will need to
me	me
donner	give
vos	your
autorisations	permissions
sortie	output
autorisation	authorization
question	question
visiter	visit
village	village
n'oubliez	do not forget
surtout	especially
leva	rose
oublié	forgot
votre	your
l'a	the
envoyée	sent
directement	directly
londubat	londubat
l'interrompit	the interrupted
estimé	estimated
pouvez	can
vas-y	vas-y
chuchota	whispered
insista	insisted
attendit	waited
soient	are
sortis	out
nerveux	nervous
s'approcha	approached
potter	potter
profonde	deep
inspiration	inspiration
oncle	uncle
tante	aunt
ont	have
signer	sign
regarda	looked at
par-dessus	above
lunettes	glasses
carrées	square
rien	nothing
demandais	wondering
possible	possible
pourrai	can
ramassa	picked up
papiers	papers
posés	posed
bureau	office
déclara-t-elle	she stated
avez	have
entendu	heard
d'autorisation	authorization
règlement	regulation
moldus	muggle
comprennent	include
formulaires	forms
encouragé	encouraged
vigoureusement	vigorously
vouliez	want to
permission	permission
eh	eh
donne	gives
trancha	cut
rangeant	ranking
tiroir	drawer
formulaire	form
clairement	clearly
signature	signature
responsable	responsible
absolument	absolutely
nécessaire	necessary
visage	face
étrange	strange
expression	expression
ressemblait	looked like
pitié	pity
désolée	sorry
reprit-elle	she said
dernier	last
mot	word
feriez	would
arriver	getting
retard	delay
suivant	following
n'y	there
traita	treated
sortes	kinds
noms	names
indignèrent	indignèrent
penser	think
mieux	better
augmenta	increased
quant	as
dut	otc
subir	undergo
silence	silence
conversations	conversations
enthousiastes	enthusiastic
faisaient	were
projets	projects
visite	visit
aura	will
banquet	banquet
remonter	back
moral	moral
sombrement	darkly
quelle	what
joie	joy
dîner	dinner
célébrait	celebrated
délicieux	delicious
paru	published
meilleur	best
pu	could
journée	day
purent	could
parvint	managed
consoler	comfort
d'être	to be
privé	private
habile	clever
servir	serve
proposé	proposed
d'imiter	to imitate
l'oncle	uncle
vernon	vernon
bas	the bottom
obtenu	obtained
impossible	impossible
suggéra	suggested
grande	great
conviction	conviction
d'utiliser	use
cape	cape
d'invisibilité	invisibility
objecta	objected
dumbledore	dumbledore
mis	put
garde	guard
faculté	faculty
détraqueurs	détraqueurs
déceler	detect
percy	percy
qu'à	as
rendre	make
déception	disappointment
cruelle	cruel
histoire	history
garantis	guaranteed
moins	less
raconte	tells
d'accord	agreement
confiserie	confectionery
plutôt	rather
sympathique	friendly
magasin	store
farces	pranks
attrapes	catch
dangereux	dangerous
cabane	hut
hurlante	howling
vaut	worth
vue	view
manques	gaps
grand-chose	much
crois-moi	believe me
sentait	felt
démoralisé	down in the dumps
descendit	went down
petit	small
fît	cause
laisser	let
paraître	look
ramener	bring
plein	full
bonnes	good
honeydukes	honeydukes
paraissait	seemed
ouais	yeah
fini	finished
oublier	forget
querelle	quarrel
effacée	cleared
compassion	compassion
inquiétez	worry
essayait	tried
désinvolte	casual
retrouverai	find
amusez-vous	have fun
accompagna	accompanied
hall	hall
d'entrée	input
rusard	rusard
posté	posted
vérifiait	checked
sortaient	out
correspondaient	corresponded
figurant	listed
liste	list
restes	remains
ici	here
cria	cried
trouvait	was
crabbe	crabbe
goyle	goyle
as	as
prêta	lent
aucune	no
monta	went up
marbre	marble
parcourant	browsing
couloirs	corridors
déserts	deserts
somnolait	was dozing
fortuna	fortuna
major	major
morne	morne
portrait	portrait
pivota	swung
franchit	crosses
l'ouverture	the opening
permettait	allowed
d'accéder	access
remplie	filled
d'élèves	students
deuxième	second
anciens	old
souvent	often
visité	visited
attrait	attraction
hé	hey
salut	hi
colin	colin
crivey	crivey
élève	student
véritable	true
viens	just
t'asseoir	sit
merci	thank you
d'humeur	mood
s'installer	install
milieu	middle
groupe	group
d'admirateurs	admirers
dont	which
seraient	would be
cicatrice	scar
dois	do
bibliothèque	library
choix	choice
ressortir	out
réveiller	wake up
s'éloigner	away
couloir	hallway
tristement	sadly
direction	management
parvenu	managed
mi-chemin	mid-way
changea	changed
d'avis	notice
travailler	work
volte-face	volte-face
retrouva	found
vérifier	check
faites	do
soupçonneux	suspicious
parfaitement	perfectly
vrai	true
aboya	barked
bajoues	jowls
frémissantes	quivering
imaginez	imagine
croire	believe
rôdez	prowl
n'êtes-vous	are you
allé	gone
pré-	pre-
au-lard	the-bacon
acheter	buy
petits	small
voyous	rogue
haussa	hausa
retournez	return
jusqu'à	up to
ait	has
disparu	gone
escalier	staircase
vague	wave
idée	idea
voir	see
hedwige	hedwig
volière	aviary
avançait	advanced
long	long
autre	other
lorsqu'une	when a
l'appela	the called
vit	lives
différent	different
celui	the
voulait	wanted
détaché	detached
entrez	enter
recevoir	receive
strangulot	strangulot
prochain	next
quoi	what
suivit	followed
aquarium	aquarium
lequel	which
répugnante	disgusting
créature	creature
verdâtre	greenish
hérissée	bristling
cornes	horns
pointues	sharp
grimaces	funny faces
paroi	wall
verre	glass
déployant	deploying
doigts	fingers
longs	long
fins	for
démon	demon
contemplant	contemplating
songeur	pensive
n'aurons	will not
trop	too
suffit	just
briser	break
étreinte	hug
vu	seen
extrêmement	extremely
puissants	powerful
fragiles	fragile
dents	teeth
alla	alla
enchevêtrement	tangle
d'herbes	herbs
aquatiques	aquatic
tasse	cup
thé	tea
cherchant	seeking
bouilloire	kettle
j'étais	I was
point	point
gêné	embarrassed
tapota	tapped
baguette	wand
magique	magic
jet	jet
vapeur	steam
jaillit	springs
aussitôt	as soon
bec	bec
verseur	spout
asseyez-vous	sit
souleva	raised
couvercle	cover
boîte	box
fer	iron
poussiéreuse	dusty
malheureusement	unfortunately
sachets	bags
commencez	start
feuilles	leaves
rieurs	laughing
savez-vous	do you know
donna	donna
ébréchée	chipped
j'espère	I hope
n'êtes	there are
inquiet	worried
songea	songea
chien	dog
magnolia	magnolia
crescent	crescent
préféra	preferred
renoncer	waive
froussard	funky
convaincu	convinced
incapable	unable
d'affronter	face
épouvantard	épouvantard
trahir	betray
car	because
tracasse	bothering
mentit	lied
but	purpose
gorgée	sip
brandissait	wielding
reposant	based
séance	session
n'avez	do
voulu	wanted
l'affronte	the faces
sèchement	curtly
sourcils	eyebrows
pensais	thought
surpris	surprised
dénégations	denials
dépourvu	devoid
répéta-t-il	he kept telling her
fronçant	frowned
légèrement	slightly
j'imagine	I guess
trouvé	found
face	in the face of
lord	lord
voldemort	voldemort
ronds	round
seulement	only
telle	such
réponse	response
prononcé	pronounced
seule	only
entendue	heard
prononcer	pronounce
(à	(
lui-même)	itself)
apparemment	apparently
trompé	wrong
froncés	a frown
matérialiser	materialize
panique	panic
qu'au	that
souvenu	remembered
détraqueur	détraqueur
comprends	understand
pensif	thoughtful
impressionné	impressed
esquissa	lips
sourire	smile
voyant	light
l'expression	the expression
surprise	surprise
voudrait	would like to
elle-même	itself
preuve	proof
sagesse	wisdom
contenta	contenta
boire	drink
ainsi	as well
croyais	thought
capable	able
joyeux	happy
connaissez	know
interrompu	interrupted
frappés	hit
s'ouvrit	opened
gobelet	cup
s'élevait	was
légère	light
fumée	smoke
s'immobilisa	froze
severus	severus
mettre	put
posa	posa
alternativement	alternatively
montrais	showing
badin	badin
fascinant	fascinating
jeter	throw
devriez	should
j'en	I
ai	I
chaudron	cauldron
besoin	need
reprendrai	quoting
doute	doubt
demain	tomorrow
prie	pray
remarqua	noticed
désagréable	unpleasant
méfiant	suspicious
intrigué	intrigued
m'a	me
gentiment	kindly
préparé	prepared
potion	potion
su	su
fabriquer	make
potions	potions
celle-ci	it
compliquée	complicated
renifla	sniffed
contenu	content
dommage	damage
sucre	sugar
neutralise	neutralizes
effets	effects
buvant	drinking
frissonner	shiver
inachevée	unfinished
sentais	felt
remède	remedy
efficace	effective
d'avoir	to have
collègue	colleague
rares	rare
sorciers	wizards
sachent	know
retenir	remember
arracher	snatch
s'intéresse	if interested
magie	magic
noire	black
lança-t-il	"he shouted,
distrait	distracted
gens	people
disent	say
jeta	threw
l'eau	the water
ferait	would
n'importe	any
devenir	become
vida	vida
répugnant	disgusting
remette	furnish
reverrons	again
vide	empty
laissait	left
échapper	escape
filet	net
rapporté	reported
bonbons	candy
couleurs	colors
étincelantes	sparkling
tomba	fell
soleil	sun
couchait	set
retour	return
joues	cheeks
rosies	rosy
vie	life
prenant	taking
paquet	package
minuscules	tiny
gnomes	gnomes
poivre	pepper
êtes	are
allés	went
derviche	dervish
bang	bang
d'objets	objects
boutique	shop
balais	brushes
bar	bar
servait	served
chopes	mugs
mousseuses	sparkling
bièraubeurre	bièraubeurre
d'autres	other
endroits	places
voyais	saw
poste	post
près	near
cents	cents
hiboux	owls
perchés	perched
étagères	shelves
différentes	different
courrier	mail
urgent	urgent
lent	slow
sorte	so
caramel	caramel
distribuaient	distributed
échantillons	samples
gratuits	free
tiens	want
ogre	ogre
clients	customers
n'ait	did
rapporter	report
tel	such
réchauffer	warm up
travaillé	worked
offert	offered
arrivé	arrived
raconta	told
resta	remained
bée	eer
bu	bu
effaré	aghast
fou	crazy
coup	blow
d'oeil	eye
montre	watch
commencer	start
cinq	five
minutes	minutes
rejoignirent	joined
foule	crowd
continuant	continuing
réfléchis	think
essaye	try
d'empoisonner	to poison
l'aurait	would have
peut-être	maybe
qu'ils	they
pénétraient	penetrated
éclairée	lit
centaines	hundreds
citrouilles	pumpkins
évidées	hollowed-out
lesquelles	which
brûlaient	burned
chandelles	candles
nuées	clouds
chauves-souris	bats
voletaient	voletaient
sens	meaning
serpentins	coils
orange	orange
ondulaient	ondulaient
paresseusement	lazily
serpents	snakes
d'eau	water
mets	mets
s'étaient	had
gavés	force-fed
reprirent	resumed
cesse	stops
parlait	spoke
animation	animation
flitwick	flitwick
enseignait	taught
sortilèges	spells
tourna	turned
Était-ce	Was it
effet	effect
imagination	imagination
regardait-il	watched it
d'insistance	insistence
fantômes	ghosts
offrirent	offered
beau	beautiful
spectacle	show
surgis	from
murs	walls
tables	tables
mirent	started
voler	fly
formation	training
décrivant	describing
figures	figures
voltige	vaulting
nick	nick
quasi-	quasi-
sans-tête	without header
fantôme	ghost
remporta	won
succès	success
mimant	mimicking
décapitation	beheading
bâclée	sloppy
soirée	evening
assombrir	darken
l'excellente	the excellent
humeur	mood
t'envoient	send to you
amitiés	friendships
suivirent	followed
arrivèrent	arrived
duquel	which
accroché	hung
dense	dense
avancer	advance
s'étonna	was surprised
n'entrent	do
d'œil	eye
têtes	heads
fermé	closed
laissez-moi	let me
fraya	fraya
chemin	path
airs	air
importants	important
bloqué	blocked
allons	will
écartez-vous	out, you
préfet-en-chef	prefect-in-chief
turent	silent
frisson	thrill
répandait	spread
aille	go
chercher	search
vite	fast
aiguë	acute
ginny	ginny
venait	came
d'arriver	to arrive
tard	later
fendit	split
uns	each
place	place
profitèrent	took advantage of the situation
lacéré	torn
violence	violence
lambeaux	shreds
toile	canvas
jonchaient	littered
morceaux	pieces
entiers	whole
arrachés	torn
rapide	fast
détruite	destroyed
sombre	dark
accouraient	came
retrouver	find
plaît	please
allez	go
prévenir	prevent
dites-lui	tell him
peintures	paintings
château	castle
aurez	will
trouvez	find
criarde	the garish
peeves	peeves
l'esprit	the spirit
frappeur	batting
flottait	floated
au-dessus	above
enchanté	enchanted
témoin	witness
quelconque	any
malheur	woe
peeve	peeve
interrogea	asked
calme	quiet
s'effaça	vanished
n'osait	did not dare to
moquer	fun
mielleux	honeyed
insupportable	unbearable
caquètement	chatter
habituel	usual
honte	shame
monsieur	mr.
directeur	director
voie	way
épouvantable	terrible
l'ai	I
courir	run
paysage	landscape
troisième	third
étage	floor
cachant	hiding
arbres	trees
gros	wholesale
corps	body
chef	chief
s'apprête	prepares
bombe	bomb
devenu	now
refusé	refused
entrer	enter
cabriole	capriole
sourit	smiles
propres	own
jambes	legs
sale	dirty
caractère	character
sirius	sirius
