20	20
le	the
baiser	fuck
du	the
dÉtraqueur	dÉtraqueur
jamais	never
harry	harry
ne	do
s'était	had
trouvé	found
au	the
sein	within
d'un	a
groupe	group
si	if
étrangement	strangely
composé	compound
pattenrond	pattenrond
descendait	down
l'escalier	the stairs
premier	first
lupin	lupin
pettigrow	pettigrow
et	and
ron	ron
suivaient	followed
ils	they
avaient	had
l'air	the air
de	of
participer	participate
à	to
une	a
ces	these
courses	races
où	where
les	the
concurrents	competitors
sont	are
attachés	attached
trois	three
par	by
derrière	behind
eux	them
professeur	professor
rogue	rogue
flottait	floated
dans	in
airs	air
tel	such
un	a
spectre	spectrum
bout	end
ses	its
pieds	feet
effleurant	touching
marches	steps
c'était	it was
sirius	sirius
qui	that
faisait	was
avancer	advance
ainsi	as well
en	in
pointant	pointing
sur	on
lui	him
la	the
propre	own
baguette	wand
enfin	finally
hermione	hermione
fermaient	closed
marche	walking
s'engager	commit
tunnel	tunnel
fut	was
pas	not
mince	thin
affaire	case
durent	last
s'y	there
glisser	drag
côté	side
continuait	continued
pointer	point
sa	its
magique	magic
voyait	saw
progresser	progress
avec	with
difficulté	difficulty
marchant	walking
crabe	crab
ouvrait	opened
toujours	always
voie	way
se	is
trouvait	was
juste	just
devant	before
tête	head
ballottait	ballottait
épaules	shoulders
cognait	bumped
sans	without
cesse	stops
contre	against
plafond	ceiling
bas	the bottom
eut	had
l'impression	printing
que	that
aucun	no
effort	effort
pour	for
éviter	avoid
chocs	shocks
répétés	repeated
tu	you
sais	know
ce	this
ça	it
signifie	means
livrer	deliver
dit	said
soudain	suddenly
vous	you
êtes	are
libre	free
répondit	replied
oui	yes
mais	but
je	I
suis	am
aussi	also
quelqu'un	someone
te	te
l'a	the
ton	your
parrain	sponsor
savais	knew
tes	your
parents	parents
m'ont	I have
désigné	designated
m'occuper	take care
toi	you
il	it
leur	their
arrivait	arrived
quelque	some
chose	thing
déclara	said
peu	little
raide	stiff
attendit	waited
pensait-il	he thought
même	even
bien	well
entendu	heard
comprendrais	understand
très	very
préfères	prefer
rester	stay
oncle	uncle
ta	your
tante	aunt
poursuivit	continued
penses-y	think about it
lorsque	when
j'aurai	I will have
été	been
réhabilité	rehabilitated
veux	want to
changer	change
maison	home
explosait	exploded
voulez	want to
dire	say
habiter	live
chez	in
quitter	leave
dursley	dursley
sous	under
coup	blow
l'émotion	the emotion
heurta	hit
morceau	song
roc	rock
dépassait	exceeded
pensais	thought
n'accepterais	there would
précipitamment	hurriedly
comprends	understand
voulais	wanted
simplement	simply
plaisantez	kidding
coupa	cut
voix	voice
rauque	hoarse
celle	the
sûr	course
avez	have
quand	when
est-ce	is this
peux	can
m'y	me
installe	installs
retourna	returned
regarda	looked at
yeux	eyes
raclait	raclait
semblait	seemed
s'en	in
soucier	worry about
moins	less
monde	world
vraiment	really
dit-il	he said
assura	assura
visage	face
émacié	emaciated
black	black
dessina	drew
alors	then
vrai	true
sourire	smile
ait	has
vu	seen
différence	difference
était	was
saisissante	striking
on	it
aurait	would
qu'un	a
être	be
dix	ten
ans	years
plus	more
jeune	young
venait	came
d'apparaître	to appear
masque	mask
décharné	gaunt
pendant	during
instant	now
reconnut	recognized
l'homme	the man
riait	laughed
photo	photo
mariage	marriage
dirent	said
mot	word
jusqu'à	up to
qu'ils	they
aient	have
atteint	reached
escalada	escalada
pente	slope
avait	had
dû	due
appuyer	support
patte	paw
nœud	node
racine	root
permettait	allowed
d'immobiliser	immobilize
saule	willow
cogneur	slugger
car	because
hissèrent	ascended
au-dehors	outside
déclencher	trigger
fureur	fury
des	of
branches	branches
fit	fit
passer	pass
l'ouverture	the opening
puis	then
s'effaça	vanished
laisser	let
sortir	out
glissa	slipped
dehors	outside
son	its
tour	tour
parc	park
plongé	immersed
l'obscurité	the dark
avancèrent	forth
silence	silence
direction	management
château	castle
dont	which
fenêtres	windows
briller	shine
loin	far
temps	time
autre	other
laissait	left
échapper	escape
gémissement	moaning
pensées	thoughts
bousculaient	a huge crowd
allait	would
meilleur	best
ami	friend
sentait	felt
tout	all
étourdi	dizzy
qu'arriverait-il	what would happen
annoncerait	announce
aux	the
qu'il	it
vivre	live
prisonnier	prisoner
évadé	escaped
télévision	tv
geste	gesture
suspect	suspect
peter	peter
menaça	threatened
pointée	pointing
poitrine	chest
traversèrent	crossed
silencieusement	silently
lumières	lights
rapprochaient	closer
flotter	float
comme	as
fantôme	ghost
menton	chin
rebondissant	bouncing
y	there
éclaircie	thinning
ciel	sky
faibles	low
ombres	shadows
dessinèrent	drew
a	has
présent	this
lueur	glow
clair	clear
lune	moon
baignait	bathed
alentours	around
s'étaient	had
brusquement	suddenly
immobilisés	fixed
figea	froze
bras	arm
tendu	tense
faire	do
signe	sign
s'arrêter	stop
également	also
vit	lives
silhouette	silhouette
pétrifié	petrified
remarqua	noticed
jambes	legs
mettaient	put
trembler	shake
oh	oh
là	there
bredouilla	gabble
n'a	did
pris	taken
potion	potion
soir	evening
va	will
devenir	become
dangereux	dangerous
fuyez	flee
murmura	whispered
immédiatement	immediately
pouvait	could
résoudre	solve
enchaîné	chained
précipita	rushed
vers	to
saisit	captures
rejeta	rejected
arrière	rear
laisse-moi	let me
cours	during
terrible	terrible
grognement	grunt
retentit	sounds
s'allongeait	stretched
corps	body
voûtaient	voûtaient
poils	hair
apparaissaient	appeared
mains	hands
recourbaient	recourbaient
former	form
pattes	legs
dotées	with
griffes	claws
recula	backed
fourrure	fur
dressée	compiled
échine	spine
loup-garou	loup-garou
cabra	cabra
faisant	making
claquer	slam
longues	long
mâchoires	jaws
disparu	gone
métamorphosé	metamorphosed
l'énorme	the huge
chien	dog
bond	bond
libéra	freed
menotte	handcuff
l'attachait	the attached
l'attrapa	caught
cou	neck
tira	drew
étaient	were
accrochés	hung
l'un	one
l'autre	the other
mâchoire	jaw
leurs	their
déchirant	ripping
férocement	fiercely
restait	remained
immobile	still
saisi	seized
l'incroyable	the incredible
spectacle	show
trop	too
absorbé	absorbed
combat	combat
remarquer	notice
quoi	what
soit	either
d'autre	on the other
cri	cry
d'hermione	of hermione
l'alerta	the alerta
vacillant	wobbling
jambe	leg
cassée	broken
tomba	fell
détonation	detonation
éclair	flash
resta	remained
sol	soil
projeté	projected
retomba	fell
terre	earth
petit	small
tas	heap
informe	informs
expelliarmus	expelliarmus
cria	cried
sauta	jumped
s'envola	flew
disparaissant	disappearing
restez	stay
rua	rua
tard	later
transformé	transformed
queue	tail
rat	rat
attachée	attached
poignet	wrist
l'entendit	heard
détaler	off
l'herbe	the grass
hurlement	howl
mêlé	mixed
s'enfuyait	ran away
forêt	forest
s'est	is
échappé	escaped
saignait	bleeding
plaies	wounds
dos	back
museau	muzzle
releva	rose
s'élança	darted
bruit	noise
martelaient	martelaient
s'évanouit	faints
précipitèrent	ran
qu'est-ce	what is this
fait	fact
mi-clos	mi-clos
bouche	mouth
ouverte	open
vivant	living
doute	doubt
–	-
l'entendaient	the intended
respirer	breathe
reconnaître	recognize
désespérément	desperately
autour	around
partis	parties
n'y	there
inconscient	unconscious
au-dessus	above
vaut	worth
mieux	better
amener	bring
prévenir	prevent
viens	just
entendirent	heard
aboiement	bark
souffre	suffers
scrutant	peering
moment	time
d'hésitation	hesitation
pouvaient	could
rien	nothing
l'immédiat	the immediate
toute	any
évidence	obviously
ennuis	trouble
talons	heels
l'aboiement	the bark
provenir	come
bord	edge
lac	lake
courut	ran
toutes	all
éprouva	felt
sensation	sensation
froid	cold
comprendre	understand
suite	suite
cela	this
signifiait	meant
s'interrompit	if interrupted
lorsqu'ils	when they
atteignirent	reached
rive	shore
comprirent	understood
pourquoi	why
repris	taken
forme	form
humaine	human
prostré	prostrate
protégeait	protected
non	not
gémissait-il	moaning-it
noooon	noooo
s'il	if it
plaît	please
détraqueurs	détraqueurs
nombre	number
d'une	a
centaine	hundred
déployaient	in attempting
masse	mass
noire	black
s'approchant	approaching
d'eux	of them
aussitôt	as soon
volte-face	volte-face
glacial	icy
pénétrait	penetrated
entrailles	bowels
brouillard	fog
commençait	started
obscurcir	obscure
vue	view
tous	all
côtés	sides
d'autres	other
surgissaient	arose
encerclaient	encircling
pense	think
souvenir	remember
heureux	happy
hurla	screamed
leva	rose
battant	flying
paupières	eyelids
essayer	try
s'éclaircir	clear
secouant	shaking
taire	shut up
faible	low
s'élever	rise
vais	'll
aller	go
mon	my
quitte	leaves
força	forced
penser	think
uniquement	only
mit	mit
scander	chanting
spero	spero
patronum	patronum
secoué	shaken
frisson	thrill
roula	roula
lui-même	himself
étendu	extended
pâle	pale
mort	death
s'arranger	arrange
aide-moi	help me
elle	it
parvint	managed
prononcer	pronounce
formule	formula
n'étaient	there were
qu'à	as
quelques	a few
mètres	meters
formaient	formed
mur	wall
solide	solid
essayant	trying
entendre	hear
résonnait	sounded
oreilles	ears
filet	net
d'argent	money
jaillit	springs
flotta	floated
brume	mist
sentit	felt
qu'hermione	as hermione
tombait	fell
évanouie	fainted
seul	only
complètement	completely
genoux	knees
heurter	face
froide	cold
s'épaississait	if épaississait
surhumain	superhuman
concentra	concentra
cette	this
unique	single
pensée	thought
est	is
innocent	innocent
ira	ira
haleta-t-il	gasped-t-he
patronus	patronus
détraqueur	détraqueur
près	near
n'arrivait	there was
traverser	cross
nuage	cloud
surgir	arise
main	hand
morte	dead
putréfiée	out rotten
sortit	went out
cape	cape
écarter	aside
balbutia	stammered
entendait	heard
souffle	breath
l'enveloppait	the enveloped
esprit	spirit
maléfique	evil
chairs	chairs
décomposées	broken down
souleva	raised
cagoule	hood
auraient	would
trouver	find
qu'une	a
peau	skin
fine	fine
grise	grey
couverte	covered
croûtes	crusts
tendue	tense
orbites	orbits
vides	empty
revanche	contrast
trou	hole
béant	gaping
aspirait	aspired
râle	rattle
paralysé	paralyzed
terreur	terror
incapable	unable
vacilla	wavered
flamme	flame
bougie	candle
disparut	disappeared
blanc	white
l'aveuglait	the blinding
fallait	had to
lutter	fight
prix	price
entendit	heard
familier	familiar
encore	yet
lointain	distant
chercha	sought
tâtons	groping
trouva	found
laisserait	leave
capturer	capture
deux	two
moites	moist
entourèrent	surrounded
l'obligèrent	the forced
relever	meet
cris	cree
mère	mother
résonnaient	resounded
serait	would be
dernier	last
entendrait	hear
l'engloutissait	the sinking
d'apercevoir	see
argentée	silver
devenait	became
brillante	brilliant
tomber	fall
avant	before
face	in the face of
bouger	move
malade	sick
tremblant	tremblant
ouvrit	opened
lumière	light
aveuglante	blinding
illuminait	illuminated
tus	tus
disparaissait	disappeared
repoussait	postponed
enveloppait	enveloped
s'éloignait	depart
allaient	would
chaleur	heat
revenue	revenue
rassemblant	bringing together
forces	forces
restaient	remained
animal	animal
galopant	galloping
surface	surface
brouillée	blurred
sueur	sweat
ruisselait	streamed
front	front
essaya	tried
l'animal	the animal
pelage	coat
brillant	brilliant
celui	the
licorne	unicorn
s'efforçant	striving
demeurer	stay
conscient	aware
s'immobiliser	stop
opposée	opposite
distingua	distinguished
levait	rose
caresser	caress
sembla	seemed
impossible	impossible
comprenait	included
d'ailleurs	moreover,
réfléchir	think
dernières	last
l'abandonner	abandon
évanoui	fainted
