chapitre	chapter
3	3
les	the
lettres	letters
de	of
nulle	void
part	share
la	the
fuite	leak
du	the
boa	boa
brésilien	brazilian
valut	earned
à	to
harry	harry
plus	more
longue	long
punition	punishment
qu'il	it
eût	had
jamais	never
reçue	received
lorsqu'il	when it
fut	was
enfin	finally
autorisé	authorized
ressortir	out
son	its
placard	closet
vacances	holiday
d'été	summer
avaient	had
déjà	already
commencé	started
et	and
dudley	dudley
avait	had
eu	had
le	the
temps	time
casser	break
nouveau	new
caméscope	camcorder
d'écraser	crush
au	the
sol	soil
avion	aircraft
radio-	radio-
commandé	ordered
d'étrenner	of première
vélo	bike
course	race
en	in
renversant	reversing
mrs	mrs
figg	figg
qui	that
traversait	crossed
privet	privet
drive	drive
avec	with
ses	its
béquilles	crutches
était	was
content	content
que	that
l'école	the school
ait	has
pris	taken
fin	end
mais	but
il	it
n'arrivait	there was
pas	not
échapper	escape
bande	band
venait	came
chaque	each
jour	day
maison	home
piers	piers
dennis	dennis
malcolm	malcolm
gordon	gordon
étaient	were
tous	all
grands	great
stupides	stupid
comme	as
encore	yet
grand	great
bête	beast
qu'eux	that they
c'était	it was
lui	him
chef	chief
autres	other
ravis	happy
pratiquer	practice
sport	sport
préféré	favorite
chasse	hunting
c'est	it is
pourquoi	why
passait	passed
possible	possible
hors	out
se	is
promener	walk
dans	in
environs	surrounding area
pensant	thinking
des	of
représentait	represented
pour	for
une	a
minuscule	tiny
lueur	glow
d'espoir	hope
car	because
septembre	September
entrerait	would
collège	college
première	first
fois	time
sa	its
vie	life
ne	do
serait	would be
même	even
école	school
irait	would
smelting	smelting
un	a
privé	private
où	where
l'oncle	uncle
vernon	vernon
fait	fact
études	studies
polkiss	polkiss
y	there
inscrit	registered
aussi	also
devrait	should
contenter	just
quartier	district
ravi	ravi
là	there
tu	you
vas	vas
on	it
met	puts
tête	head
nouveaux	new
trou	hole
toilettes	toilet
dit-il	he said
si	if
veux	want to
t'entraîner	lead you
monte	monte
moi	me
salle	room
bains	bathroom
non	not
merci	thank you
répondit	replied
ces	these
pauvres	poor
n'ont	have
vu	seen
quelque	some
chose	thing
d'aussi	as
atroce	atrocious
ta	your
ça	it
rendrait	would
malades	sick
prit	took
aussitôt	as soon
avant	before
compris	including
ce	this
dit	said
juillet	July
tante	aunt
pétunia	petunia
emmena	took
londres	london
acheter	buy
l'uniforme	the uniform
nouvelle	new
elle	it
déposa	filed
chez	in
moins	less
pénible	painful
qu'à	as
l'ordinaire	the ordinary
s'était	had
cassé	broken
jambe	leg
trébuchant	stumbling
sur	on
chats	cats
peu	little
refroidi	cooled
passion	passion
qu'elle	it
leur	their
portait	wore
habituellement	usually
regarder	watch
télévision	tv
mangeant	eating
gâteau	cake
chocolat	chocolate
dû	due
séjourner	stay
quelques	a few
années	years
fond	background
d'un	a
soir	evening
parada	parada
salon	living room
montrer	show
toute	any
famille	family
habits	clothes
flambant	brand
neufs	new
frac	frac
marron	brown
queue-de-pie	tail-of-pie
pantalon	pants
golf	golf
orange	orange
canotier	boater
élèves	students
également	also
canne	cane
dont	which
ils	they
servaient	served
taper	type
dessus	top
quand	when
professeurs	teachers
voyaient	saw
parait-il	it seems
façon	how
forger	forge
caractère	character
contemplant	contemplating
fils	son
ainsi	as well
accoutré	accoutré
déclara	said
beau	beautiful
éclata	broke out
sanglots	sobs
disant	saying
croire	believe
garçon	boy
élégant	elegant
petit	small
dudlinouchet	dudlinouchet
adoré	loved
préféra	preferred
rien	nothing
dire	say
l'impression	printing
s'être	will be
fêlé	cracked
deux	two
côtes	coast
force	force
réprimer	suppress
fou	crazy
rire	laugh
lendemain	next day
matin	morning
déjeuner	breakfast
odeur	smell
pestilentielle	pestilentielle
dégageait	radiated
d'une	a
grande	great
bassine	basin
posée	asked
l'évier	the sink
cuisine	kitchen
s'approcha	approached
vit	lives
vieux	old
vêtements	clothing
flottaient	floating
eau	water
grisâtre	greyish
qu'est-ce	what is this
demanda-t-il	he asked
pinça	pinched
lèvres	lips
choquée	shocked
l'audace	the audacity
poser	ask
question	question
ton	your
nouvel	new
uniforme	uniform
dit-elle	she said
ah	ah
bon	good
s'étonna	was surprised
regardant	looking at
je	I
savais	knew
fallait	had to
faire	do
tremper	soak
l'eau	the water
fais	do
l'idiot	the idiot
sèchement	curtly
j'ai	I
teint	complexion
gris	grey
vieilles	old
affaires	business
Ça	It
te	te
suffira	suffice
bien	well
sera	will be
guère	little
différent	different
doutait	doubted
inutile	useless
discuter	discuss
demanda	asked
quoi	what
ressemblerait	would look like
là-	there
dedans	in
rentrée	back to school
aurait	would
morceaux	pieces
peau	skin
arrachés	torn
vieil	old
éléphant	elephant
entrèrent	went
fronçant	frowned
nez	nose
cause	cause
l'odeur	the smell
répandait	spread
ouvrit	opened
journal	journal
donna	donna
table	table
coup	blow
séparait	separated
entendirent	heard
alors	then
facteur	factor
glisser	drag
courrier	mail
boîte	box
aux	the
porte	door
d'entrée	input
va	will
chercher	search
sans	without
lever	sunrise
n'a	did
aller	go
donne-lui	give him
évita	evita
alla	alla
trois	three
carte	card
postale	postal
marge	margin
sœur	sister
l'île	the island
wight	wight
enveloppe	envelope
papier	paper
kraft	kraft
devait	should
être	be
facture	invoice
lettre	letter
contempla	stared at
bouche	mouth
bée	eer
cœur	heart
faisait	was
bonds	bonds
poitrine	chest
balle	ball
caoutchouc	rubber
personne	person
écrit	written
d'ailleurs	moreover,
pu	could
n'avait	had
d'amis	friends
parents	parents
oncle	uncle
n'était	there was
bibliothèque	library
évitait	avoided
recevoir	receive
mots	words
désagréables	unpleasant
exigeant	requiring
retour	return
livres	books
empruntés	borrowed
pourtant	yet
entre	between
mains	hands
l'adresse	the address
pouvait	could
prêter	pay
confusion	confusion
mr	mr
h	h
potter	potter
sous	under
l'escalier	the stairs
4	4
little	little
whinging	whinging
surrey	surrey
l'enveloppe	the envelope
lourde	heavy
épaisse	thick
faite	made
parchemin	parchment
jauni	yellowed
écrite	written
l'encre	the ink
vert	green
émeraude	emerald
n'y	there
timbre	stamp
retournant	returning
tremblantes	trembling
sceau	seal
cire	wax
frappé	hit
écusson	crest
aigle	eagle
lion	lion
blaireau	badger
serpent	snake
entourant	surrounding
p	p
dépêche-toi	hurry
mon	my
cria	cried
regardes	look at
s'il	if it
a	has
piégée	trapped
plaisanterie	joke
fit	fit
éclater	burst
reprit	took
chemin	path
quitter	leave
yeux	eyes
puis	then
s'assit	sat
entreprit	undertook
décacheter	to be opened
jaune	yellow
poussa	pushed
grognement	grunt
dégoûté	disgusted
ouvrant	opening
dos	back
est	is
malade	sick
mangé	ate
drôle	funny
coquillage	shell
papa	dad
s'écria	cried
soudain	suddenly
regarde	look at
reçu	received
point	point
déplier	unfold
semblable	similar
celui	the
lorsque	when
arracha	tore
protesta	protested
essayant	trying
reprendre	resume
donc	so
t'écrirait	you would write
plein	full
mépris	contempt
main	hand
secoua	shook
jeta	threw
d'œil	eye
passa	spent
rouge	red
vite	fast
qu'un	a
feu	fire
signalisation	signaling
n'en	do
resta	remained
secondes	seconds
devenu	now
pâle	pale
porridge	porridge
balbutia	stammered
essaya	tried
s'emparer	grab
tenait	held
portée	scope
lut	lut
ligne	line
air	air
intrigué	intrigued
pendant	during
instant	now
sembla	seemed
s'évanouir	vanish
porta	porta
gorge	throat
d'où	where
s'échappa	escaped
borborygme	borborygme
étouffé	choked
oh	oh
dieu	god
regardèrent	looked
s'ils	if they
oublié	forgot
eux	them
l'habitude	the usual
qu'on	we
manifeste	manifest
telle	such
indifférence	indifference
sec	dry
père	father
lire	read
cette	this
voix	voice
forte	strong
intervint	intervened
sortez	get out
d'ici	here
grinçante	squeaky
remettant	delivering
bougea	moved
ma	my
hurla-t-il	"he yelled,
laissez-moi	let me
voir	see
exigea	demanded
dehors	outside
rugit	roars
par	by
cou	neck
couloir	hallway
claquant	slamming
engagèrent	hired
combat	combat
féroce	fierce
silencieux	silent
savoir	know
écouterait	listen to
serrure	lock
allait	would
l'emporta	took it to
lunettes	glasses
bataille	battle
s'allongea	lain
plat	flat
ventre	belly
écouter	listen
l'interstice	the gap
bas	the bottom
tremblante	trembling
comment	how
ont-ils	have they
couche	layer
crois	believe
qu'ils	they
surveillent	monitor
nous	we
espionnent	spy on
peut-être	maybe
suivent	follow
marmonna	muttered
furieusement	furiously
qu'allons-nous	what are we going to
est-ce	is this
faut	must
répondre	reply
voulons	want to
apercevait	caught sight of
chaussures	shoes
noires	black
cirées	polished
cent	cent
attention	attention
reçoivent	receive
réponse	response
oui	yes
mieux	better
n'allons	not going to
tout	all
souviens-toi	remember
l'avons	have
sommes	are
juré	juror
refuser	refuse
toutes	all
idioties	baloney
beaucoup	a lot
trop	too
dangereux	dangerous
revenant	returning
travail	work
moment	time
faufilait	faufilait
m'a	me
t'a	you
été	been
adressée	addressed
erreur	error
l'ai	I
brûlée	burned
colère	anger
silence	silence
araignées	spiders
tombèrent	fell
plafond	ceiling
respira	breathed
profondément	deeply
plusieurs	several
reprises	times
força	forced
sourire	smile
l'air	the air
singulièrement	singularly
douloureux	painful
justement	precisely
sujet	about
avons	have
réfléchi	thought
commences	start
devenir	become
rester	stay
ici	here
pensé	thought
peut-	can-
préférable	best
déménages	move
deuxième	second
chambre	room
pose	poses
questions	questions
répliqua	replied
prends	take
tes	your
haut	top
quatre	four
chambres	rooms
dursley	dursley
(qui	(that
servait	served
généralement	generally
vernon)	vernon)
dormait	slept
autre	other
mettait	put
jouets	toys
n'entrait	did
seul	only
voyage	travel
suffit	just
transporter	carry
lit	bed
regarda	looked at
autour	around
presque	almost
objets	objects
voyait	saw
cassés	broken
posé	asked
char	char
d'assaut	assault
pédales	pedals
lequel	which
écrasé	crushed
chien	dog
voisin	neighbor
coin	corner
éventrée	gutted
pied	foot
émission	issue
préférée	favorite
annulée	cancelled
cage	cage
laquelle	which
vécu	lived
autrefois	once
perroquet	parrot
échangé	exchanged
contre	against
carabine	rifle
comprimé	tablet
étagère	shelf
complètement	completely
tordue	twisted
depuis	since
assis	sitting
étagères	shelves
remplies	true
c'étaient	it was
seules	only
choses	things
auxquelles	which
semblait	seemed
n'avoir	have
touché	hit
rez-de-chaussée	ground floor
montaient	rose
hurlements	howling
s'adressait	addressed
mère	mother
là-dedans	there
criait-il	"he shouted
besoin	need
fais-le	do
sortir	out
soupira	sighed
s'étendit	spread
veille	eve
donné	given
n'importe	any
avoir	have
aujourd'hui	today
aimé	loved
plutôt	rather
d'être	to be
droit	right
monde	world
état	state
choc	shock
égosillé	égosillé
vomir	vomit
exprès	express
coups	shots
jeté	cast
tortue	turtle
travers	through
toit	roof
serre	greenhouse
parvenir	send
récupérer	recover
repensait	repensait
passé	past
heure	time
regrettait	regretted
amèrement	bitterly
ouvert	open
hall	hall
échangeaient	exchanged
sombres	dark
regards	looks
arriva	came to pass
efforcé	tried
aimable	kind
envoya	sent
l'entendirent	heard it
donner	give
partout	everywhere
mit	mit
hurler	scream
petite	small
cri	cry
étranglé	strangled
précipita	rushed
talons	heels
dut	otc
battre	beat
tomber	fall
terre	earth
essayer	try
arracher	snatch
d'autant	all
difficile	difficult
attrapé	caught
par-derrière	from behind
serrant	tightening
après	after
instants	moments
furieux	furious
cours	during
duquel	which
chacun	each
nombreux	many
releva	rose
souffle	breath
court	short
crispée	creased
destinée	for
rauque	hoarse
toi	you
va-t'en	go
file	file
inlassablement	tirelessly
quelqu'un	someone
savait	knew
déménagé	moved
cela	this
signifiait	meant
sûrement	surely
essaierait	try
s'arrangerait	would
parvienne	to reach
plan	plan
réveil	alarm clock
rafistolé	patched up
sonna	rang
six	six
heures	hours
arrêta	stopped
sonnerie	ringtone
s'habilla	dressed
réveiller	wake up
descendit	went down
moindre	less
bruit	noise
allumer	turn on
lumières	lights
attendre	wait
arrive	happens
demander	ask
numéro	number
premier	first
battant	flying
traversa	crossed
direction	management
aaaaaarrrgh	aaaaaarrrgh
bond	bond
marcher	walk
grosse	big
molle	soft
étalée	spread
devant	before
vivante	living
s'allumèrent	lit up
étage	floor
rendit	made
compte	account
horreur	horror
réalité	reality
nuit	night
sac	bag
couchage	sleeping
empêcher	prevent
réussir	succeed
tenté	tried
l'avoir	have
traité	treaty
noms	names
près	near
demi-heure	a half-hour
ordonna	ordered
d'aller	go
préparer	prepare
tasse	cup
thé	tea
découragé	discouraged
s'en	in
traînant	dragging
pieds	feet
revint	returned
aperçut	saw
verte	green
adressées	directed
mes	my
commença-t-il	he began
train	train
déchirer	rip
jour-là	day
n'alla	did not go to
travailler	work
cloua	nailed it
planche	board
n'arrivent	arrive
finiront	will
laisser	let
pleine	full
clous	nails
sais	know
servira	will
grand-chose	much
gens-là	people
sont	are
très	very
différents	different
raisonnent	reason
répliqua-t-il	he replied
planter	plant
clou	nail
morceau	song
cake	cake
apporter	bring
vendredi	Friday
douze	twelve
arrivèrent	arrived
boite	box
inutilisable	unusable
elles	they
glissées	slipped
l'une	one
d'elles	they
introduite	introduced
vasistas	transom windows
brûlé	burned
marteau	hammer
boucha	busha
l'aide	using
planches	boards
interstices	interstices
portes	doors
derrière	behind
entrer	enter
ni	or
samedi	Saturday
situation	situation
devint	became
incontrôlable	uncontrollable
vingt-quatre	twenty-four
destinées	for
furent	were
introduites	introduced
l'intérieur	inside
roulées	rolled
dissimulées	hidden
douzaines	dozens
d'œufs	eggs
livreur	driver
passablement	fairly
déconcerté	baffled
passées	past
fenêtre	window
donnait	gave
téléphone	phone
bureau	office
poste	post
crémier	milk jug
trouver	find
responsable	responsible
auprès	with
protester	protest
réduisit	reduced
bouillie	boiled
mixer	mix
peut	can
envie	want
t'écrire	you write
abasourdi	stunned
dimanche	Sunday
fatigué	tired
paraissait	seemed
heureux	happy
malgré	despite
fonctionne	works
joyeux	happy
étalant	spreading
consciencieusement	conscientiously
marmelade	marmalade
tomba	fell
conduit	led
cheminée	fireplace
sifflement	whistle
sonore	sound
sentit	felt
paquet	package
d'exploser	explode
foyer	home
projetant	projecting
quarantaine	quarantine
volaient	flew
boulets	ball
canon	canon
baissèrent	lowered
éviter	avoid
projectiles	projectiles
tandis	while
essayait	tried
d'en	to
attraper	catch
vol	flight
saisit	captures
taille	size
projeta	projected
dès	as soon
eurent	had
protégeant	protecting
visage	face
leurs	their
bras	arm
claqua	slammed
panneau	panel
entendait	heard
continuaient	continued
voler	fly
rebondissant	bouncing
murs	walls
carrelage	tile
fois-ci	time
s'efforçait	tried
parler	talk
calme	quiet
arrachant	snatching
touffes	tufts
poils	hair
moustache	mustache
prêt	loan
partir	from
cinq	five
minutes	minutes
emportez	take
simplement	simply
discussion	discussion
tellement	so
menaçant	threatening
dégarnie	thinning
n'osa	durst
geste	gesture
dix	ten
tard	later
arraché	ripped
condamnaient	condemned
montèrent	went up
voiture	car
fonça	rushed
vers	to
l'autoroute	the highway
pleurnichait	pleurnichait
l'arrière	the rear
retardés	delayed
voulant	wanting to
prix	price
emporter	take
magnétoscope	vcr
ordinateur	computer
roulèrent	rolled
elle-même	itself
n'osait	did not dare to
mari	husband
comptait	had
emmener	take
demi-tour	half-round
repartait	went
opposée	opposite
semer	sow
marmonnait-il	muttered-it
journée	day
prendre	take
s'arrêter	stop
boire	drink
ou	or
manger	eat
tombée	fallen
longs	long
faim	hunger
raté	missed
émissions	emissions
absolument	absolutely
autant	as much
pulvériser	spray
extraterrestre	alien
hôtel	hotel
sinistre	disaster
banlieue	suburban
ville	city
partagèrent	shared
lits	beds
jumeaux	twins
draps	sheets
humides	wet
sentaient	felt
moisi	musty
ronfler	snoring
rebord	rim
regardait	watched
phares	headlights
voitures	cars
passaient	passed
rue	street
posait	was
servit	served
corn	corn
flakes	flakes
rassis	stale
toasts	toast
froids	cold
recouverts	covered
tomates	tomatoes
patronne	patron saint
l'hôtel	the hotel
'mande	'mande
pardon	forgiveness
parmi	among
vous	you
parce	because
j'en	I
ai	I
centaine	hundred
réception	reception
adresse	address
17	17
rail	rail
carbone	carbon
miness	miness
l'en	the
empêcha	prevented
ahuri	bemused
m'en	me
occupe	deals
levant	rising
suivant	following
l'hôtelière	the hotel
rentrions	walk
suggéra	suggested
timidement	timidly
entendue	heard
comprenait	included
cherchait	was looking for
conduisit	led
milieu	middle
forêt	forest
sortit	went out
inspecta	inspected
alentours	around
hocha	hocha
remonta	came up
repartirent	arena
recommença	again
ensuite	then
manège	carousel
champ	field
pont	bridge
suspendu	suspended
parking	parking
étages	floors
l'après-midi	in the afternoon
s'arrêta	stopped
village	village
bord	edge
mer	sea
enferma	locked up
effaré	aghast
pluie	rain
commença	started
grosses	large
gouttes	drops
martelaient	martelaient
bruyamment	loudly
lundi	Monday
aille	go
aura	will
confiance	trust
trompait	wrong
dates	dates
programmes	programs
souvint	sarah
mardi	Tuesday
c'est-à-dire	that is to say,
onzième	eleventh
anniversaire	anniversary
sûr	course
anniversaires	birthdays
n'avaient	had
réjouissant	pleasing
l'année	the year
précédente	previous
offert	offered
cintre	hanger
paire	pair
chaussettes	socks
appartenu	belonged
onze	eleven
ans	years
jours	days
portant	bearing
long	long
souriait	smiling
refusa	refused
lorsqu'elle	when it
acheté	bought
trouvé	found
l'endroit	the place
idéal	ideal
allez	go
venez	come
froid	cold
montra	showed
doigt	finger
gros	wholesale
rocher	rock
émergeait	there was
bonne	good
distance	distance
côte	coast
sommet	summit
distinguait	distinguished
cabane	hut
misérable	miserable
moitié	half
ruine	ruin
certaine	some
prévoit	provides
tempête	storm
monsieur	mr.
assez	enough
bateau	boat
homme	man
édenté	toothless
d'eux	of them
raide	stiff
vieille	old
barque	boat
balançait	rocking
surface	surface
métallique	metal
provisions	provisions
reste	rest
embarquer	embed
polaire	polar
embruns	spray
s'insinuaient	if insinuaient
vent	wind
glacé	glossy
fouettait	whipped him
s'écouler	take
atteignent	reach
glissant	sliding
pierre	stone
humide	wet
masure	hovel
épouvantable	terrible
régnait	reigned
terrible	terrible
d'algues	algae
sifflait	whistled
fissures	cracks
comportait	included
bûche	log
pièces	parts
maigres	lean
chips	chips
bananes	bananas
emballages	packaging
vides	empty
consumèrent	consumed
parvenant	managing
produire	produce
fumée	smoke
maintenant	now
aimerait	would like to
quelques-unes	some
joyeusement	happily
humeur	mood
évidence	obviously
convaincu	convinced
parviendrait	would
braver	brave
cet	this
endroit	place
songea	songea
raison	reason
pensée	thought
réjouissait	looking forward
annoncée	announced
souffler	blow
l'écume	the foam
vagues	wave
fracassaient	fracassaient
inondait	flooded
trembler	shake
fenêtres	windows
crasseuses	crasseuses
dénicha	unearthed
couvertures	blankets
moisies	mouldy
l'autre	the other
pièce	room
canapé	sofa
rongé	corroded
mites	moths
s'installa	settled
défoncé	smashed
voisine	nearby
s'efforcer	strive
dur	hard
s'enroula	twined himself
dernière	last
couverture	coverage
restait	remained
déchirée	torn
devenait	became
violente	violent
mesure	measurement
avançait	advanced
couché	lying
parvenait	could
s'endormir	falling asleep
frissonnait	shuddered
tournant	turning
position	position
soit	either
inconfortable	uncomfortable
vide	empty
criait	shouted
famine	famine
tonnerre	thunder
retentir	sound
minuit	midnight
étouffaient	choking
ronflements	snoring
pendait	hung
par-dessus	above
l'accoudoir	the armrest
cadran	dial
phosphorescent	phosphorescent
montre	watch
poignet	wrist
gras	fat
exactement	exactly
garda	garda
fixés	set
demandant	asking
allaient	would
souvenir	remember
demandait	asked
trouvait	was
l'auteur	the author
entendit	heard
grincer	squeak
au-dehors	outside
espérait	hoped
n'allait	did
s'effondrer	collapse
priver	deprive
arriverait	happen
etait-ce	was this
cognait	bumped
craquement	crunch
menaçait-il	threatened-it
qu'une	a
minute	minute
trente	thirty
vingt	twenty
neuf	nine
réveillait	woke up
l'énerver	the excited
boum	boom
redressa	straightened
brusquement	suddenly
regard	look
fixé	set
frappait	hit
