chapitre	chapter
9	9
duel	duel
à	to
minuit	midnight
harry	harry
avait	had
toujours	always
cru	raw
qu'il	it
était	was
impossible	impossible
de	of
rencontrer	meet
quelqu'un	someone
d'aussi	as
détestable	detestable
que	that
dudley	dudley
mais	but
c'était	it was
avant	before
faire	do
la	the
connaissance	knowledge
drago	drago
malefoy	malfoy
les	the
gryffondor	gryffindor
pensaient	thought
n'avoir	have
le	the
cours	during
potions	potions
en	in
commun	common
avec	with
serpentard	slytherin
hélas	alas
une	a
note	note
au	the
tableau	table
d'affichage	display
informa	informa
vol	flight
sur	on
balai	broom
seraient	would be
également	also
communs	common
entre	between
deux	two
maisons	houses
on	it
ne	do
pouvait	could
pas	not
rêver	dream
mieux	better
marmonna	muttered
je	I
n'attendais	did not expect
ça	it
me	me
ridiculiser	ridicule
devant	before
essayant	trying
manier	handle
un	a
manche	sleeve
leçons	lessons
étaient	were
celles	those
attendait	waiting
plus	more
d'impatience	looking forward to
qui	that
te	te
dit	said
tu	you
vas	vas
répondit	replied
ron	ron
sais	know
se	is
vante	boasts
d'être	to be
grand	great
joueur	player
quidditch	quidditch
coûte	costs
rien	nothing
dire	say
il	it
faudra	will
voir	see
terrain	field
est	is
vrai	true
parlait	spoke
beaucoup	a lot
balais	brushes
volants	flying
racontait	told
sans	without
cesse	stops
des	of
histoires	stories
dont	which
héros	hero
et	and
terminaient	finished
invariablement	invariably
par	by
poursuite	further
haletante	panting
l'issue	the outcome
laquelle	which
échappait	escaped
justesse	accuracy
hélicoptère	helicopter
piloté	driven
moldus	muggle
n'était	there was
d'ailleurs	moreover,
seul	only
vanter	boast
a	has
l'en	the
croire	believe
seamus	seamus
finnigan	finnigan
passé	past
clair	clear
son	its
enfance	childhood
acrobaties	acrobatics
aériennes	air
pleine	full
campagne	campaign
même	even
voulait	wanted
l'entendre	hear
failli	bankrupt
entrer	enter
collision	collision
deltaplane	hang gliding
alors	then
pilotait	flying
vieux	old
charlie	charlie
tous	all
élèves	students
issus	from
familles	families
sorciers	wizards
parlaient	spoke
déjà	already
eu	had
longue	long
dispute	dispute
dean	dean
thomas	thomas
partageait	shared
leur	their
dortoir	dormitory
propos	about
du	the
football	football
voyait	saw
ce	this
qu'on	we
bien	well
trouver	find
d'intéressant	interesting
jeu	game
comportait	included
qu'une	a
seule	only
balle	ball
où	where
interdit	prohibited
voler	fly
soir	evening
surpris	surprised
train	train
tapoter	tap
affiche	displays
représentant	representative
l'équipe	the team
west	west
ham	ham
pour	for
essayer	try
vain	vain
bouger	move
joueurs	players
neville	neville
revanche	contrast
jamais	never
monté	mounted
sa	its
grand-mère	grand-mother
s'y	there
opposée	opposite
songeait	was thinking of
for	for
intérieur	inside
sage	wise
décision	decision
étant	being
donné	given
nombre	number
incroyable	amazing
d'accidents	accidents
dans	in
vie	life
restant	remaining
pieds	feet
terre	earth
quant	as
hermione	hermione
elle	it
redoutait	feared
autant	as much
première	first
leçon	lesson
car	because
quelque	some
chose	thing
apprendre	learn
cœur	heart
livre	book
pourtant	yet
essayé	tried
premier	first
volant	steering wheel
devait	should
avoir	have
lieu	place
jeudi	Thursday
petit	small
déjeuner	breakfast
infligea	inflicted
stupides	stupid
conseils	tips
matière	material
qu'elle	it
trouvés	found
bibliothèque	library
intitulé	title
travers	through
âges	ages
buvait	drank
ses	its
paroles	lyrics
l'espoir	hope
d'apprendre	to learn
pourrait	could
l'aider	the help
tenir	take
autres	other
furent	were
ravis	happy
l'arrivée	the arrival
courrier	mail
interrompe	interrupt
conférence	conference
d'hermione	of hermione
n'avait	had
reçu	received
moindre	less
lettre	letter
depuis	since
mot	word
hagrid	hagrid
tout	all
suite	suite
remarqué	noticed
hibou	owl
duc	duke
celui-ci	it
lui	him
apportait	brought
colis	package
bonbons	candy
ouvrait	opened
jubilation	jubilation
table	table
matin-là	morning
apporta	brought
paquet	package
envoyait	sent
l'ouvrit	the opened
fébrilement	feverishly
montra	showed
monde	world
boule	ball
verre	glass
taille	size
d'une	a
grosse	big
bille	ball
semblait	seemed
remplie	filled
fumée	smoke
c'est	it is
rapeltout	rapeltout
expliqua-t-il	he explained
Ça	It
sert	serves
souvenir	remember
oublié	forgot
ma	my
l'a	the
envoyé	sent
parce	because
trouve	find
suis	am
étourdi	dizzy
regardez	watch
suffit	just
main	hand
comme	as
si	if
devient	becomes
rouge	red
fronça	frowned
sourcils	eyebrows
devenue	become
écarlate	scarlet
pendant	during
essayait	tried
rappeler	remember
passa	spent
près	near
prit	took
mains	hands
levèrent	rose
d'un	a
bond	bond
ils	they
n'auraient	would
été	been
mécontents	unhappy
d'avoir	to have
prétexte	excuse
battre	beat
professeur	professor
mcgonagall	mcgonagall
accourut	ran
aussitôt	as soon
passe-t-il	happens
demanda-t-elle	he asked as she
m'a	me
pris	taken
mon	my
gémit	moans
fit	fit
grimace	grin
laissa	let
retomber	fall
simplement	simply
jeter	throw
coup	blow
d'œil	eye
dit-il	he said
s'éloigner	away
compagnie	company
crabbe	crabbe
goyle	goyle
trois	three
heures	hours
demie	half
cet	this
après-midi-là	afternoon
sortirent	went out
parc	park
rendre	make
ciel	sky
vastes	large
pelouses	lawns
ondulaient	ondulaient
sous	under
faible	low
brise	breeze
trouvait	was
côté	side
opposé	opposite
forêt	forest
interdite	prohibited
arbres	trees
balancer	swing
loin	far
là	there
ainsi	as well
vingtaine	twenty
soigneusement	carefully
alignés	aligned
sol	soil
entendu	heard
fred	fred
george	george
plaindre	complain
qualité	quality
l'école	the school
mettaient	put
vibrer	vibrate
quand	when
volait	flying
trop	too
haut	top
ou	or
tiraient	drew
peu	little
gauche	left
madame	mrs.
bibine	booze
arriva	came to pass
bientôt	soon
cheveux	hair
courts	short
gris	grey
yeux	eyes
jaunes	yellow
ceux	those
faucon	falcon
qu'est-ce	what is this
vous	you
attendez	wait
aboya-t-elle	barked a-t-it
mettez-vous	put yourself
chacun	each
allez	go
dépêchez-vous	hurry up
jeta	threw
très	very
bon	good
état	state
tendez	stretch
droite	right
au-dessus	above
ordonna	ordered
dites	tell
debout	standing
crièrent	cried
l'unisson	unison
sauta	jumped
fut	was
rares	rare
celui	the
granger	granger
tour	tour
lui-même	himself
bougea	moved
peut-être	maybe
chevaux	horses
songea	songea
peur	fear
sentaient	felt
tremblement	shake
voix	voice
indiquait	indicated
clairement	clearly
aurait	would
préféré	favorite
garder	keep
ensuite	then
comment	how
enfourcher	ride
glisser	drag
corriger	correct
position	position
enchantés	enchanted
tenait	held
mal	evil
maintenant	now
sifflet	whistle
donnez	give
pied	foot
lancer	launch
frappez	hit
fort	fort
tiendrez	hold
vos	your
droits	rights
élèverez	elevate
mètres	meters
reviendrez	return
immédiatement	immediately
penchant	leaning
légèrement	slightly
attention	attention
nerveux	nervous
réussir	succeed
décoller	take off
lança	launched
ait	has
temps	time
porter	wear
lèvres	lips
redescends	'm going down
garçon	boy
ordonna-t-elle	ordered it
s'éleva	rose
airs	air
bouchon	cap
champagne	champagne
monta	went up
jusqu'à	up to
six	six
vit	lives
visage	face
décomposer	break down
tandis	while
regardait	watched
eut	had
haut-le-corps	top-the-body
glissa	slipped
bam	bam
y	there
bruit	noise
sourd	deaf
puis	then
horrible	horrible
craquement	crunch
retrouva	found
face	in the face of
contre	against
nez	nose
gazon	turf
continua	continued
s'élever	rise
dériva	drifted
lentement	slowly
vers	to
disparaître	disappear
l'horizon	the horizon
penchée	leaning
teint	complexion
aussi	also
pâle	pale
poignet	wrist
cassé	broken
murmura-t-elle	she whispered
viens	just
lève-toi	lève-toi
n'est	there is
grave	serious
tourna	turned
personne	person
bouge	moves
j'emmène	I take
l'infirmerie	the infirmary
dit-elle	she said
laissez	let
sinon	otherwise
garantis	guaranteed
resterez	stay
longtemps	for a long time
poudlard	hogwarts
ruisselant	dripping
larmes	tears
crispée	creased
clopina	clopina
l'épaule	the shoulder
dès	as soon
qu'ils	they
suffisamment	enough
éloignés	remote
éclata	broke out
rire	laugh
avez	have
vu	seen
tête	head
mollasson	effete
s'exclama-t-il	exclaimed,-t-he
éclatèrent	burst
tais-toi	tais-toi
sèchement	curtly
parvati	parvati
patil	patil
prends	take
défense	defence
londubat	londubat
s'exclama	exclaimed
pansy	pansy
parkinson	parkinson's
fille	girl
dur	hard
savais	knew
aimais	loved
gros	wholesale
pleurnichards	whiners
s'écria	cried
précipita	rushed
soudain	suddenly
l'endroit	the place
tombé	fallen
ramassa	picked up
l'herbe	the grass
truc	trick
idiot	idiot
montrant	showing
étincelait	sparkled
donne-moi	give me
calme	quiet
cessa	ceased
parler	talk
regarder	watch
événements	events
sourire	smile
mauvais	bad
vais	'll
laisser	let
part	share
pauvre	poor
puisse	can
retrouver	find
sommet	summit
arbre	tree
exemple	example
donne	gives
enfourché	riding
décolla	took off
menti	lied
disant	saying
savait	knew
tiens	want
tellement	so
chercher	search
potter	potter
cria-t-il	he shouted
autour	around
cime	crown
chêne	oak
empoigna	grabbed
non	not
cria	cried
nous	we
attirer	attract
ennuis	trouble
enfourcha	enfourcha
donna	donna
toute	any
vitesse	speed
l'air	the air
sifflait	whistled
aux	the
oreilles	ears
robe	dress
sorcier	sorcerer
flottait	floated
derrière	behind
ressentit	felt
joie	joy
intense	intense
découvrant	discovering
besoin	need
paraissait	seemed
naturel	natural
facile	easy
donnait	gave
sensation	sensation
merveilleuse	wonderful
lorsqu'il	when it
tira	drew
monter	mount
encore	yet
entendit	heard
pelouse	lawn
hurlements	howling
filles	girls
suivaient	followed
exclamation	exclamation
admirative	admiring
virage	turn
serré	tight
stupéfait	stunned
fais	do
tomber	fall
ton	your
vraiment	really
répliqua	replied
méprisant	despising
plutôt	rather
inquiet	worried
d'instinct	instinct
parfaitement	perfectly
fallait	had to
pencha	bent
serra	serra
fonça	rushed
javelot	javelin
parvint	managed
éviter	avoid
épingle	pin
fondit	burst
nouveau	new
adversaire	opponent
bas	the bottom
applaudirent	cheered
sont	are
sauver	save
mise	update
sembla	seemed
pensée	thought
attrape	grabs
es	es
capable	able
possible	possible
film	film
ralenti	idle
amorcer	boot
chute	fall
abaissa	lowered
poursuivit	continued
fonçant	darkening
cris	cree
mêlaient	mixed
sifflement	whistle
vent	wind
fendait	cracked
vertigineuse	dizzying
tendit	handed
réussit	successful
attraper	catch
cinquantaine	fifty
centimètres	centimeters
juste	just
pouvoir	power
redresser	straighten
atterrir	land
douceur	smooth
tenant	taking into
creux	hollow
poing	fist
cette	this
fois	time
plonger	dive
poitrine	chest
courait	ran
releva	rose
jambes	legs
tremblantes	trembling
tel	such
choc	shock
n'arrivait	there was
presque	almost
lunettes	glasses
lançaient	launched
éclairs	lightning
furieux	furious
avez-vous	have you
pu	could
oser	dare
auriez	would
rompre	break
cou	neck
faute	fault
intervint	intervened
taisez-vous	shut up, you
weasley	weasley
venez	come
moi	me
aperçut	saw
arboraient	wore
air	air
triomphant	triumphant
regardant	looking at
partir	from
talons	heels
allait	would
être	be
renvoyé	returned
voulu	wanted
défendre	defend
l'impression	printing
refusait	refused
obéir	obey
avançait	advanced
grands	great
courir	run
suivre	follow
tenu	view
semaines	weeks
dix	ten
minutes	minutes
devrait	should
valise	suitcase
diraient	would say
dursley	dursley
verraient	would
porte	door
marches	steps
pierre	stone
l'escalier	the stairs
marbre	marble
disait	said
portes	doors
volée	fly
arpentait	strode
couloirs	corridors
l'emmenait-elle	him-it
bureau	office
dumbledore	dumbledore
pensa	thought
s'était	had
fait	fact
renvoyer	return
rester	stay
garde-chasse	gamekeeper
pourrait-il	could it
devenir	become
assistant	wizard
sentit	felt
estomac	stomach
nouer	build
l'idée	the idea
serait	would be
condamné	sentenced
portant	bearing
sac	bag
s'arrêta	stopped
salle	room
classe	class
ouvrit	opened
l'entrebâillement	round
excusez-moi	excuse me
flitwick	flitwick
d'enchantements	enchantments
puis-je	can I
emprunter	borrow
bois	wood
quelques	a few
instants	moments
avait-elle	had she
l'intention	the intention
donner	give
coups	shots
bâton	stick
demanda	asked
déconcerté	baffled
dubois	dubois
élève	student
cinquième	fifth
année	year
solide	solid
étonné	surprised
arraché	ripped
suivirent	followed
long	long
couloir	hallway
lançait	launched
regards	looks
entrez	enter
vide	empty
peeves	peeves
occupé	busy
écrire	write
mots	words
dehors	outside
craie	chalk
corbeille	trash
fila	fila
poussant	pushing
jurons	swearing
claqua	slammed
planta	planta
garçons	boys
présente	this
olivier	olivier
ai	I
trouvé	found
attrapeur	monkey net
l'expression	the expression
surprise	surprise
ravissement	rapture
parlez	talk
sérieusement	seriously
don	gift
n'ai	haven
semblable	similar
montiez	mount
approuva	approved
signe	sign
idée	idea
passait	passed
apparemment	apparently
l'exclure	the exclude
attrapé	caught
après	after
descente	descent
piqué	stung
quinze	fifteen
s'en	in
tiré	shot
égratignure	scratch
n'aurait	would
d'en	to
présent	this
rêve	dream
cher	dear
vient	comes
réaliser	make
as	as
assisté	assisted
match	match
demanda-t-il	he asked
enthousiaste	enthusiastic
capitaine	captain
précisa	said
physique	physical
parfait	perfect
tournait	turned
l'examiner	the review
détail	detail
léger	lightweight
rapide	fast
va	will
falloir	take
nimbus	nimbus
2000	2000
astiqueur	astiqueur
7	7
aller	go
demander	ask
peut	can
entorse	sprain
règlement	regulation
fournir	provide
dieu	god
sait	knows
avons	have
meilleure	best
équipe	team
celle	the
l'année	the year
dernière	last
littéralement	literally
écrasés	crushed
osé	dared to
severus	severus
rogue	rogue
observa	watched
par-dessus	above
veux	want to
suiviez	follow
entraînement	training
intensif	intensive
intérêt	interest
pourrais	could
revenir	return
punir	punish
votre	your
père	father
fier	proud
ajouta-t-elle	"she added,
excellent	excellent
plaisantes	pleasant
quoi	what
l'heure	the time
dîner	dinner
venait	came
raconter	tell
jouent	play
jeune	young
siècle	century
acheva	completed
oublia	forgot
manger	eat
assiette	plate
commence	begins
l'entraînement	training
semaine	week
prochaine	next
dis	say
tient	holds
secret	secret
venaient	came
d'entrer	to enter
précipitèrent	ran
bravo	bravo
basse	low
raconté	told
batteurs	drummers
gagne	wins
coupe	cup
sûr	course
gagné	won
départ	starting
formidable	great
dois	do
sautait	jumped
faut	must
aille	go
paraît	seems
lee	lee
jordan	jordan
passage	passage
sortir	out
parie	bet
statue	statue
gregory	gregory
hautain	haughty
l'avait	had
repéré	spotted
peine	penalty
partis	parties
moins	less
sympathique	friendly
apparut	appeared
accompagné	accompanied
dernier	last
repas	meal
est-ce	is this
retournes	return
chez	in
faisais	did
n'avais	had
tes	your
petits	small
copains	buddies
toi	you
froideur	coldness
qualificatif	qualifier
convenait	should
guère	little
professeurs	teachers
nombreux	many
grande	great
ni	or
l'un	one
l'autre	the other
put	put
grand-chose	much
froncer	pucker
vexé	vexed
nuit	night
convient	should be
baguettes	chopsticks
magiques	magic
uniquement	only
contact	contact
qu'un	a
second	second
évalua	assessment
regard	look
d'accord	agreement
retrouve	found
trophées	trophies
fermée	closed
lorsque	when
amis	friends
tournèrent	turned
entends	hear
prendre	take
ta	your
place	place
tué	killed
dégagé	loose
meurt	dies
vrais	true
duels	duels
arriverez	arrive
envoyer	send
étincelles	sparks
connaissez	know
magie	magic
s'attendait	expected
refuses	refuse
passe	pass
j'agiterai	I agiterai
baguette	wand
jette-la	throws-the
suggéra	suggested
paix	peace
grommela	grumbled
s'adressa	addressed
j'ai	I
disiez	tell
question	question
promeniez	stroll
château	castle
pensé	thought
points	points
ferez	will
perdre	lose
êtes	are
serez	will be
forcément	necessarily
égoïste	selfish
regarde	look at
ajouta	added
revoir	review
bonne	good
soirée	evening
promettait	promised
repos	rest
allongé	lying
lit	bed
d'aller	go
rendez-vous	appointment
s'il	if it
essaye	try
sort	fate
arrange-toi	arrange yourself
esquiver	dodge
souviens	remember
neutraliser	neutralize
risques	risks
fassent	do
rusard	rusard
miss	miss
teigne	ringworm
tentait	tried
chance	chance
enfin	finally
l'occasion	the opportunity
toutes	all
échapper	escape
onze	eleven
murmura	whispered
d'y	there
enfilèrent	enfilèrent
chambre	room
prirent	took
leurs	their
descendirent	went down
colimaçon	spiral
menait	led
commune	common
braises	embers
rougeoyaient	rougeoyaient
l'âtre	the hearth
fauteuils	chairs
avaient	had
créatures	creatures
informes	shapeless
tapies	tapies
pénombre	penumbra
atteint	reached
trou	hole
permettait	allowed
pièce	room
lorsqu'une	when a
eux	them
n'arrive	arrives
puisses	can
pareille	such
lueur	glow
lampe	lamp
tremblota	tremblota
l'obscurité	the dark
vêtue	dressed
rose	pink
froncés	a frown
retourne	returns
coucher	bedroom
fureur	fury
frère	brother
percy	percy
préfet	prefect
empêcher	prevent
montrer	show
telle	such
obstination	obstinacy
mêler	mix
affaires	business
d'autrui	of others
pivoter	rotate
portrait	portrait
dame	lady
décidée	decided
abandonner	abandon
partie	part
facilement	easily
franchit	crosses
émettant	emitting
sifflements	whistling
d'oie	goose
furieuse	furious
fichez	do not care
pensez	think
qu'à	as
vous-mêmes	you own
soit	either
fassiez	do
gagnés	earned
va-t'en	go
aurai	will
prévenus	defendants
demain	tomorrow
aura	will
renvoyés	returned
souviendrez	remember
surent	knew
voulant	wanting to
retourner	return
s'aperçut	saw
toile	canvas
allée	alley
promener	walk
laissant	leaving
petite	small
aiguë	acute
retard	delay
aient	have
bout	end
rattrapés	caught up
certainement	certainly
croyez	believe
attendre	wait
vienne	vienna
dirai	tell
vérité	truth
pourrez	can
témoigner	witness
faveur	for
manques	gaps
culot	socket
haute	high
reniflait	sniffed
chuchota	whispered
scrutant	peering
couché	lying
chien	dog
fusil	rifle
dormait	slept
profondément	deeply
s'approchèrent	came
réveilla	woke up
sursaut	startle
ah	ah
m'avez	I have
retrouvé	found
n'arrivais	couldn
parle	speaks
groin	snout
porc	pork
rie	ry
servira	will
pomfresh	pomfresh
arrangé	arranged
tard	later
relevant	under
baron	baron
sanglant	bloody
regarda	looked at
montre	watch
cause	cause
jure	swear
j'apprendrai	I will learn
remettrez	forgive
s'apprêtait	was about
répondre	reply
taire	shut up
remit	gave
chemin	path
parcoururent	ran
zébrés	zebra
rayons	ray
lune	moon
projetaient	projected
l'ombre	the shadow
croisées	cross
chaque	each
tournant	turning
eurent	had
parvinrent	managed
encombre	clutters
deuxième	second
étage	floor
n'étaient	there were
arrivés	arrived
vitrines	showcases
cristal	crystal
coupes	cuts
écus	ecu
plateaux	trays
statuettes	statuettes
d'or	gold
d'argent	money
étincelaient	sparkled
sortit	went out
magique	magic
cas	case
caché	hidden
l'attaquer	the attack
attendirent	waited for
produisit	produced
s'est	is
dégonflé	deflated
instant	now
voisine	nearby
sursauter	jump
brandit	holds up
entendirent	heard
cherche	looking
belle	beautiful
doivent	must
cacher	hide
coin	corner
frappé	hit
d'horreur	horror
signes	signs
désespérés	desperate
s'enfuient	flee
vite	fast
filèrent	spinning
silence	silence
franchir	cross
doit	must
marmonna-t-il	mumbled to himself he
suivi	follow-up
s'engagea	joined
galerie	gallery
s'alignaient	lined
armures	armor
entendaient	heard
rapprochait	close
poussa	pushed
brusquement	suddenly
cri	cry
apeuré	frightened
mit	mit
trébucha	stumbled
essaya	tried
rattraper	catch up
saisissant	entering
tombèrent	fell
renversant	reversing
armure	armor
vacarme	din
s'ensuivit	followed
suffi	enough
réveiller	wake up
file	file
mirent	started
parvenus	managed
l'extrémité	the end
foncèrent	foncèrent
dédale	maze
groupe	group
trouvaient	were
direction	management
passèrent	passed
tapisserie	tapestry
s'engouffrèrent	if engouffrèrent
ralentir	slow down
l'allure	the look
retrouvèrent	found
située	located
kilomètres	kilometres
crois	believe
semé	sown
hors	out
d'haleine	breath
plié	folded
point	point
respiration	breathing
sortes	kinds
bruits	noise
bizarres	weird
avais	had
souffle	breath
court	short
dépêcher	hurry
t'a	you
tendu	tense
piège	trap
j'espère	I hope
t'en	you
rends	give
compte	account
intention	intention
dû	due
doute	doubt
raison	reason
n'allait	did
reconnaître	recognize
allons-y	let's go
simple	simple
cependant	however
virent	saw
jaillir	squirt
l'esprit	the spirit
frappeur	batting
voyant	light
ravie	happy
nouveaux	new
promène	walks
devrais	should
déclara-t-il	he said
vertueuse	virtuous
propre	own
ajouta-t-il	he added
brillants	brilliant
malice	malice
fiche	sheet
camp	camp
laisse-nous	let us
passer	pass
faisant	making
geste	gesture
écarter	aside
erreur	error
ÉlÈves	Students
hurla	screamed
eleves	students
enchantements	enchantments
baissèrent	lowered
coururent	ran
jusqu'au	until the
verrouillée	locked
fichus	damn
essayaient	tried
vainement	in vain
d'ouvrir	open
fin	end
d'où	where
provenaient	came
pousse-toi	push yourself
grogna	" 
tapota	tapped
serrure	lock
alohomora	alohomora
déclic	click
pivota	swung
gonds	hinges
l'ouverture	the opening
refermèrent	slid shut
collèrent	collèrent
l'oreille	the ear
panneau	panel
écouter	listen
sont-ils	are they
allés	went
demandait	asked
plaît	please
poli	polished
moment	time
l'idiot	the idiot
dira	tell
chantonna	crooned
exaspérant	infuriating
queloue	queloue
ha	ha
prévenu	warned
rafale	burst
prenait	took
fuite	leak
pense	think
tirer	shoot
tirait	drew
insistait	insisted
retourna	returned
faisait	was
cauchemar	nightmare
c'en	it
d'abord	first
précisément	precisely
comprenaient	included
pourquoi	why
monstrueux	monstrous
remplissait	filled
l'espace	the space
soi	self
plafond	ceiling
l'animal	the animal
têtes	heads
paires	pairs
d'yeux	eyes
étincelant	sparkling
démente	insane
museaux	snouts
flairaient	flairaient
frémissant	quivering
avidité	greed
gueules	gules
bavantes	bavantes
hérissées	bristling
d'énormes	huge
crocs	crocs
jaunâtres	yellowish
pendaient	hung
filets	nets
salive	saliva
épais	thick
cordes	strings
immobile	still
fixés	set
dévorés	devoured
l'avaient	had
juger	judge
grognements	grunts
roulaient	rolled
tonnerre	thunder
tarder	delay
bondir	pounce
dessus	top
chercha	sought
tâtons	groping
poignée	handle
mort	death
choisissait	chose
reculons	backwards
claquèrent	slammed
ailleurs	elsewhere
l'aperçurent	the saw
nulle	void
importait	importance
n'avaient	had
mettre	put
maximum	maximum
distance	distance
monstre	monster
s'arrêtèrent	stopped
lorsqu'ils	when they
revenus	income
sixième	sixth
êtes-vous	are you
donc	so
robes	dresses
épaules	shoulders
visages	faces
écarlates	scarlet
luisants	shiny
sueur	sweat
aucune	no
importance	importance
pantelant	breathless
laissèrent	left
tremblant	tremblant
membres	members
restèrent	stayed
silencieux	silent
perdu	lost
l'usage	the use
parole	word
prend	takes
pareil	such
école	school
d'exercice	exercise
celui-là	this one
caractère	character
arrive	happens
servir	serve
lança-t-elle	"she
n'avez	do
regardé	watched
pattes	legs
j'avais	I had
trappe	hatch
mis	put
évident	obvious
leva	rose
fixa	fixa
flamboyant	flamboyant
contents	happy
tuer	kill
pire	worst
dérange	mind
bouche	mouth
bée	eer
dirait	looks like
l'avons	have
obligée	forced
venir	come
remonta	came up
pensant	thinking
qu'avait	that was
gringotts	gringotts
meilleur	best
endroit	place
objet	object
découvert	discovered
désormais	now
enveloppé	wrapped
papier	paper
kraft	kraft
allé	gone
forte	strong
numéro	number
713	713
